"Mh, you get better by the day", Jack mused, "the puree is almost edible." A small chuckle left him with no ounce of humor behind it. How could he have fallen for the one guy with cooking skills as impressive as the two year old bread molding away in the back of the pantry? Really, what did he do up here locked in this cabin anyway besides waiting for him to get back up and overwork his little head trying to come up with the next Houdini escape?
He might as well man up and pick up some cooking skills. Perhaps he should start paying for the cooking channel so Luca could expand his own horizon. Or buy cooking books. Anything to not be fed the same three overly salted meals all teh time. Jack sighed, picking up his glass of soda to wash away the salt and quench his thirst. He could buy him a proper apron and chf hat, would that get him in the chef cook spirit?
Luca met Jac's eyes with a blank, unimpressed stare. Eating with his captor was just biding time as always since of course Luca wouldn't touch whatever monstrosity he'd committed in the kitchen for Jack today-- but today of all times, he couldn't wait for dinner to be over and done with. His eyes followed Jack's movements towards his glass and he watched the brunette down it in a few gulps, the only thing to lift Luca's mood even in the slightest. He had no idea how long sleeping pills took to take effect, and with his luck, they might turn out to be homeopathic, but he assumed he'd know better in an hour or so.
Still, would it hurt to make sure Jack got enough? Maybe Luca was lucky and he would overdose. Luca's green eyes were transfixed on Jack's face, still silent with his arms crossed on the table in front of him. "More soda?", he asked, voice flat and gave the plastic bottle a limp shove towards him. He did want his captor to drink but he couldn't go out of his way to pour. He'd smell it from a mile away.
Jack didn't need to tell him that yes, he did want more soda to wash down whatever mosntrosity Luca had presented to him as supper. He poured him more anyway - how considerate of him. As if Jack wasn't aware the whole bottle was probably spiekd with the entire content of the sleeping meds. More placebos than anything. the more Jack entertained the thought, the greater became the tempation to set up a hidden camera or two to capture his face when Luca saw that his plan had worked. Would he smile then? Think 'my god, finally he's asleep'? Ah, he could be glad he had such a pretty face, hiding all these pathetic plans behind it.
Jack stopped responding to Luca after that, not that he minded. So long as Jack didn't look ready to kill him for it, he took to his comments pretty well today. There were worse days, admittedly. Ones where Luca wasn't even trying to upset him, days where he jumped through hoops to keep Jack from snapping and just as many times where that simply made no difference. 
Luca's breathing turned a bit deeper and his eyes blurred Jack's plate that he stared at while his mind trailed off. He didn't really notice the way his thumb traced his stomach over his shirt until he returned some seconds later. Luca deluded himself into thinking he could physically feel the scar tissue on his stomach from where Jack's belt had landed all those weeks ago but he knew that wasn't true. Luca tore himself away, lowering his hand back tothe table tand finally averting his eyes from the rest of the food as well. 
It was funny, really, he never noticed the ticking of the kitchen clock quite as prominently when he was left on his own up here.
Oh, Luca was such a terrible liar, really, who did he think he would fool with this act? Rubbing up and down his shirt like he was trying to rearrange his guts into something more talented than a fucking five year old tasked to cook pasta for the first time. Even Jack could cook better than this. Which he was honestly starting to consider. The taller man downed another glass of lemon soda before pushing the plate away towards his captive. "Have some", he told him, "you haven't had dinner."
Luca looked up at Jack, considering how wise it was to refuse him. The other had a combative look in his eyes but Luca found it safe to try. He wouldn't really know if Luca hadn't had a late lunch before Jack arrived but maybe he'd overdone it with the seasoning this time and he was getting irritated. 
"I'm not hungry", Luca replied, leaning back without opening his crossed arms. It was silent for a few seconds and today of all days, Luca didn't want to risk an argument. He met the other's eyes again and spoke, voice still flat but deliberately spoken not to offend him. "I don't feel good. I'm sorry if you don't like the food." The apology tasted like bile in his mouth, half-assed or not.
"Don't you worry, we'll make a decent cook out of you yet." And if not, there was still the option of letting him starve while Jack got on with instant food. Maybe it would motivate his captive into cooking. There was no way in hell someone could actually be this terrible. But if he refused to eat, Jack couldn't exactly force him without too much effort. Lucky bastard, just today he was tired enough not to bother force-feeding him. The chair was pushed back with a creak as Jack stood up and stretched, flexing his muscles with a small yawn. 
Gathering together in the living room for TV? Perfection, especialy with Luca nestled into his lap as his personal little bitch. "Clean this up and then come over", Jack ordered, walking towards the living room.
Luca's eyes only focused on the task at hand when he was sure Jack had fully left the kitchen. He began breathing differently, that was what he always noticed almost immediately. It was like the stomach ache that you got when you spent the entire day at the pool with a girl you like and you don't allow yourself to relax fully ever just in case she glances over and your abs had disappeared because you breathed out too deeply. 
Like that, only that the tenseness stayed for much longer and so did the stomach ache. Luca didn't particularily care about being presentable, he assumed it would be better hsould Jack instead find him repulsive enough to keep his distance but he'd given up on that approach. He made quick work of the plates and discarded of the food, musing at the fact Jack didn't seem suspicious that he was much more skilled at cleaning the dished. Of course he would be, right? Those were the same plates he ate off of after all. 
He put it off for as long as he could but when the kitchen was clean enough to literally eat off the counter, Luca turned towards the hallway and the familiar knot returned. He was scared, but he couldn't even admit that to himself. Surely he was just nervous his plan wasn't going to work, that the drugs didn't kick in. His face was grave when he approached the couch, still drawing out the inevitable. He couldn't start a fight, nothing to boost Jack's adrenaline. Luca must've looked like someone had died by the time he'd come to stand beside Jack. Or perhaps like he'd taken a fork and cleared his plate after all.
"Sit down."
Jack patted his thigh without taking his eyes off the screen. Luca was tense, he always was and it was a special kind of pleasure for Jack to feel him tense up even further under his touch, easing him open and pliant. Knowing Luca couldn't escape even if he really wanted to, only endure his advances fearing Jack would hurt him. As soon as Luca was within reach, Jack grabbed his wrist pulling him closer, his otehr hand snaking around his waist. Had Luca already gotten lighter or was Jack imagening it?
Luca needed to bite back an actual noise when Jack tugged him down towards him. He should've expected it but that didn't ease his nerves. Maybe he should take is chances, now that Jack was weakened from the drugs. Jack didn't appear that incapacitated yet however and before Luca could even weigh his chances, his body had already complied. It was a habit. Hesitating usually made Jack more upset and Luca knew he shouldn't be getting used to any of this but he couldn't help it. His heart stuttered as he tried to arrange himself, trying to focus on his planned escape. 
At least Luca's expression might've served to mask his intentions because even with teh promise of only minutes left in here, the way Jack touched him was unbearable. Luca couldn't fucking focus on what they were watching, he couldn't have even told you the genre. Heartbeat like a jumping ping pong ball, he went through anything he could think of to make this easier. Luca hated being close to him, he wasn't averse to human touch by principle, he could sometimes be the first to hang off a stranger's shoulder when he went clubbing -- the mere thought of going out with friends sucked any joy out of him now -- being close to Jack wasn't ever really just that.
It wasn't him directing Luca closer by tugging at his wrist, it was the suffocating certaintly that if he were to pull away, Jack's fingers would be at his throat instead, grinding Luca's adam's apple against his knuckles until he'd tear up from the pain. And it wasn't the fact that Jack's other thumb smoothed across the sensitive part of his waist, what hurt him was the way his palm lingered in spots he had gripped just a few nights before. Where Jack had pressed down until Luca's skin had turned a darker shade. If Luca hadn't eaten hours before, he would've been even closer to throwing it up now. 
He didn't know if it was worse to know that his reactions were just what Jack wanted from him. He could tell and sometimes Luca tried to supress rather than to let Jack savor them. It never felt like a worthwhile resistance. Never like he had actually achieved anything. He wasn't good at faking emotions, even less at hiding them. Luca looked over at his captor and he knew his face currently fighting whether to turn white or red was an open book. But if things went right, one that Jack would never even glance at again. Luca ground his teeth ontop of each other and still couldn't fully keep from shivering, the hair on his forearms standing straight from goosebumps. 
He turned his head and pretended to even see the TV infront of him, hyperfocused on nothing but the clock ticking from the kitchen. He still heard it, faintly.
Luca was oddly compliant when he had hope. Jack wondered how much it would take to crush it at its core. Luca would stop resisting one day of course, even he couldn't hold onto the idea of leaving forever. It would be just the two of them, alone, Luca depending on Jack and his sole mission would be to earn his love and affection so he wouldn't suffer instead. If maybe there was a way to crush Luca's hope of ever leaving, Jack could try experimenting. What if Luca happened to break a leg or two on the way down the mountain? He wouldn't be able to walk. Jack didn't mind a little crooked leg in his lover if it meant Luca would be helpless, clinging to him as he carried him through the cabin.
Jack wondered if he could keep him down in the city even. Buy a small hourse with a basement, keep him there and let him up into the house on occasion? He might scream though. How important was his voice to Jack? Could he go without it? A mute, pretty, underweight and consequently easy to handle doll for himself. For Jack to love, him to care for, for him to fuck and with Jack as the center of his world. He yawned as he felt him shift silghtly, the smile on Jack's lips transferred to his neck between the bruises Luca wore so proudly, like a collar.
This time Luca couldn't really keep the shiver to himself when Jack leaned in, simply because he had only expected him to get more comfortable. Luca breathed in sharply, grimacing slightly before he got himself back under control. Luca's hand went to Jack's forearm regardless, pushing him away from his wasist. He thought better of it by the time he'd already finished the movement but the momentary relief of not being so caged in made it almost worth it. Luca's neck flexed to keep from pulling away entirely, but he didn't try particularily hard to hide his distaste either. His arm flexed as it kept Jack's hand at a distance, fingers wrapped around his forearm. He didn't look away from the TV, still not seeing a thing.
Jack really wished he could have seen his face when he pulled away, seen the way he couldn't hide his discomfort from him. There was something to attractive about Luca hating this, it only made the instances where he didn't that much better. 
"Talk to me", Jack demanded, "Tell me something."
Entertain me. His hand that had previously held his waist reached up to the back of Luca's head where it began to run through his hair. Slowly, deliberately hooking into the knots that Luca refused to untangle from time to time. Tilting Luc'as head to the side to expose his neck, Jack pressed a kiss to his ear, the space right below, to his neck where he found one of those bruises. Was there anybody who could tattoo them on? If not he'd just have to leave new ones every now and then which wasn't too inconvenient.
Luca grit his teeth, almost wishing he hadn't heard him. To have some plausible deniability at least. But Jack's mouth was right at his ear and it was clearer than any sound coming from the television. He hated it when Jack asked anything at all of him, but instances where he made him guess ontop of everything must be the worst of them all. At least when Jack gave him direct orders, it was only about following them.
"I haven't slept these past few-", he startled hard when Jack tilted his head back, tugging at his hair. Luca's shoulder's bunched up and he tried to seem unphazed but from up close, Jack must've heard if not felt his sharp inhale. 
"...nights", Luca finished through gritted teeth and he was glad the word only had one syllable because his mouth clamped shut immediately when Jack kissed that spot he always seemed to fixate on. Luca opened and shut his mouth twice before managing the next sentence. "Whenever I wake up, for a moment I think I'm back home."
"You are home", Jack replied. Whether he agreed or not, this was Luca's home now. He would grow to like it eventually, Jack was sure of it. It was for his own good, he ought to recognize that, right? Jack made a second yawn into Luca's ear, this time resting his head against his. 
"I haven't slept well either", Jack confessed, "How about we go to sleep soon, hm?"
Have a little fun, see how much better Luca had gotten at giving blowjobs without any practise.