Now it was Leon's turn to lean against the doorframe as he eyed his friend. 
"So, what'd you need? 
I'm sure you didn't come by just to say hi?" 
Another shrug. 
"Something like that." 
Raihan fished around in the front pocket of his hoodie before producing a wad of money. 
"Uh, I know it's late, but I wanted to pay you back. 
Literally." 
Leon stared at the money in his friend's hands. 
"Not that I don't appreciate it, but what for?" 
Yet another shrug. 
"Always making you pay for food and stuff. 
I know we joke around about it, but it's been kinda eating at me too. 
And also..." He trailed off then, looking away from Leon before biting his lower lip. 
"Wanted to apologize for last weekend." 
Leon's throat tightened, a cold sweat pricking at his back, and he narrowed his mouth before trying his hardest to appear unfazed by that. 
"Wh-what?" 
Okay, that wasn't being unfazed at all. 
"Look, champ, I know we joke a lot and I know we fool around and stuff, but I don't want you to think I'd try stealing Hop away or anything. 
Whatever is going on between the two of you, it's none of my business. 
I know I said some stuff when I was hammered, but you know I get stupid when I've had one too many." 
Raihan rolled his head back before letting out a loud sigh. 
"Point being, sorry for saying those things." 
"It's..." Fine? 
That's what Leon was supposed to say, but he was a little surprised to hear his friend unload these apologies onto him like this. 
"Don't worry about it. 
Keep your money. 
I know I give you a hard time, but I don't mind buying you a meal every once in awhile." 
Letting out a sigh through his nose, Raihan pocketed the money before leaning back to pop his shoulders and back. 
"Your loss, champ. 
Guess I'm obligated to treat you next time." 
"I'll hold you to it. 
And make sure I pick the most expensive meal on the menu." 
"You're mean." 
Leon couldn't help but burst out a small laugh at that. 
Still, there were times he wished Hop would try, just try a little bit harder. 
"Raihan?" 
The sound of the small voice from up the hall made Leon start, and he was snapped from his thoughts, both he and Raihan whipping their heads up and around to see Hop standing in the hallway, peeking around the corner at them. 
Leon opened his mouth to call to him, but Raihan beat him to it. 
"Hop! 
How ya feeling?" 
No way. 
"Better." 
"That's good! 
Champ been taking good care of you?" 
Hop shrugged, not bothering to even give Leon the decency of looking over at him while they talked about him. 
"I guess." 
"You guess?" 
Hop shrugged again, but Raihan turned around then to give Leon a clap on the back, a clap so forceful he didn't expect it and toppled forward over his feet before catching himself to right back up. 
"Well, I'm sure he's doing his best, right?" 
Leon nodded, still in shock over the fact Hop smiled at Raihan like that, and his brain was refusing to function long enough to think of a coherent sentence. 
"Alright, I'd better hit the road then. 
Just wanted to drop by for a second." 
Again, Raihan gave Leon a clap on the shoulder, a much softer, friendly clap, one that didn't make Leon almost trip, before giving Hop a wave as well. 
"Talk to you you later, champ." 
Leon tried to come back to life enough to converse with him, he really did, but he just couldn't. 
Whipping his head around to Hop, he spotted him crossing the kitchen and rummaging around in the sweets cabinet before he was on him, striding across to close the distance between them before he was right behind him, Hop not acknowledging him before he grabbed a bag of cookies out of the pantry. 
"What, I'm hungry." 
All Leon was given from Hop was a small, barely even considered a glance before he was digging into the cookies to snack. 
"That. 
Right there. 
So, which is it, Hop? 
Heat rushed to Hop's face and Leon watched his cheeks grow red, his eyebrows furrowing as he backed against the pantry door. 
"No! 
He's your friend." 
Let him think that all he wanted. 
"I-I don't believe you." 
"No!" 
He frowned. 
"Lee." 
"I don't like Raihan like that. 
I don't even know him! 
I don't like you like this either! 
Creepy? 
It was getting harder and harder though. 
"LEE!" 
I hate it! 
I hate it, Lee! 
I wanna go home and be with Gloria and Mum!" 
"I WANT TO GO HOME!" 
"LEE!" 
But. 
He leaned over, glaring down at Hop through lidded eyes, his nose mere inches away. 
"LEE! 
"Lee!" 
He laughed, mostly to himself. 
"No! 
But, I wouldn't have minded, Hop. 
"I just wanted Gloria." 
"L-Lee, I wanted her to like me. 
I loved being with her." 
It was Gloria. 
I liked Gloria, Lee." 
So, all he did was give him a smile. 
"That's fine." 
I don't care." 
It hurt. 
Right. 
"Hop." 
Even in this state, Leon let out a laugh through his nose, though it didn't hold as much joy as he would have liked. 
"See this?" 
With that, Leon stood off the bed and gave Hop a quick glance. 
"I'll check on you later." 
Carmina fell to the cold ground with a deep, desperate gasp for air. 
Her lungs practically burned with her first real breath of fresh air in so long. 
Her entire body shivered all over, a result of the pod she'd been trapped in. 
She was so cold, and her limbs were so stiff, but somehow - somehow - she found it in her to move her body. 
She propped one leg up and grabbed ahold of the pod behind herself, using it as leverage as she hauled herself up. 
When she was finally on her feet, she settled her eyes on something across from her. 
Another pod with something - no, someone - inside. 
Her heart missed a beat as her eyes locked with someone else's. 
Nate, her husband. 
He was alive. 
Her brain felt so fried after spending God-knows how long in the pod, but all of a sudden she was hit with a memory. 
Someone with a scar taking - kidnapping Shaun, her baby. 
And then - Jesus, and shooting Nate. 
How had he survived? 
Carmina took an unsteady step forward, a little closer to his pod, then stopped. 
Nate did, too. 
To let him out of the currently inescapable pod and save him. 
But Carmina didn't know if she wanted to. 
She loved him so much and she couldn't just leave him there. 
That would be cruel. 
She couldn't just leave him there. 
She couldn't. 
She loved him so much and their son had been kidnapped, and she needed him. 
On shaky legs, she stumbled the rest of the way forward, saw the minor flicker of relief in Nate's eyes, and pressed the release button on his pod. 
The door released with a hiss of smoke and opened up to set her husband free. 
Nate stepped out of the pod on much sturdier legs than she had, falling to the floor and all, but she still instinctively held out her hands to help him just in case, anyway. 
It wasn't bleeding now, somehow, but Carmina knew it would need medical attention anyway. 
Once they'd gotten him the medical attention he needed, they would go to the police about Shaun and get him found. 
Get him back safely in their arms. 
Possibly from being in the pod for so long. 
"I didn't," Carmina denied the obvious fact. 
She'd stopped right in front of him and hesitated for a second. 
The scarcely hidden betrayal. 
He began to stalk off, heading back the way they'd entered the vault and Carmina hesitated a little behind him. 
Nate shouted back at her. 
Carmina sighed quietly and hurried to follow him, falling easily into step just over his shoulder as she was prone to do. 
"Jesus, what the fuck happened to this place?" 
Nate muttered. 
Carmina remained quiet because she knew he wasn't strictly speaking to her. 
He was talking to himself, so he didn't want a response. 
"Did they shut down the pods?" 
Nate peered in through the glass of one of the other pods, one Carmina had last seen a neighbour stepping into. 
She recalled the guy with the scar and the gun - the man who'd shot Nate - and knew that her neighbours' fates had been caused by him and his ally in the lab suit, whoever she was. 
"Must've done," Nate continued to himself, then turned to her. 
"Let's get outta this fucking hole and find Shaun." 
Carmina nodded and followed his lead again. 
They walked through the large Vault, taking in its barren state and picking up goods Nate decided he wanted such as a carton of cigarettes. 
It was only when they rounded a corner and came across what Carmina belatedly realised were giant cockroaches that she realised, aside from their son being kidnapped and Nate getting shot, something was seriously, definitely wrong. 
Of course, there had been a nuclear bomb and there might not be strictly much to go back to when they left the Vault, but giant roaches? 
What was going on? 
After Nate killed the giant cockroaches and then some more a bit further on, they found a 10mm pistol near the entrance to the Vault alongside some ammo. 
Nate, with his military background, took the gun and ammo and checked the pistol was loaded. 
Once he was satisfied, they continued onwards towards the Vault entrance with Nate taking out any of the strange, giant cockroaches on the way. 
When they got to the entrance, Nate killed two more cockroaches before they both approached the control panel to open the Vault door. 
They examined it and then realised they would need a PipBoy to open it. 
To their luck (or dismay) there happened to be a skeleton nearby still wearing a PipBoy. 
Carmina shook her head sadly at the poor Vault dweller who'd met their end in the Vault, potentially to the people who'd taken Shaun and shot Nate, but Nate merely reached down and took the device from the skeleton, removing its hand in the process. 
It clattered loudly to the floor, all the while Nate merely wrapped the PipBoy around his wrist and tightened it. 
Carmina watched over his shoulder as he wiped some dust off of the screen and turned it on via a button to the side. 
Then, he withdrew a wire and connected it to a port on the control panel. 
The thick plastic covering the red Vault door button lifted up and Nate nodded at Carmina with a small smile. 
Mirroring his expression, she reached forward and slammed her fist on the big, red button. 
Immediately, the Vault whirred to life and the massive cog door began to turn. 
The couple watched it with relief and anxiety at the world that would await them outside. 
Nate took Carmina's hand and she wrapped her free palm around his bicep. 
They walked together onto the platform leading to the exit and waited patiently for it to take them to the stairs. 
Once they were there, they descended the stairs together and then stepped onto the elevator. 
Nate looked over at Carmina and she looked back up at him. 
He linked their fingers and Carmina smiled softly at him. 
The gate closed and the elevator began to rise. 
"Oh, my God," Carmina croaked once the light was no longer blinding her and she could see the destruction that had befallen her world. 
Tears sprang to her eyes as she gazed across the barren wasteland that she'd once called home. 
Sanctuary sat at the bottom of the hill, but no longer was it bright and colourful, and dream-like. 
No, now it was hazy, dead, and damn near unrecognisable. 
"Jesus, fuck," Nate followed Carmina with his own exclamation, running a hand through his black hair. 
"The bomb did all this," Carmina pointed out. 
"That's what bombs do," Nate replied unhappily. 
"Especially when the wrong people are in control of them." 
"How will the world come back from this, though?" 
Carmina wondered with a lump in her throat. 
Leaving the Vault now seemed almost hopeless. 
Looking around at the sheer nothingness their world had been reduced to, they might've had a better chance of surviving in the Vault. 
But everyone in there was dead, and there were no resources left in there. 
No food or water, or anywhere to sleep. 
They had to go back to Sanctuary and see if they could find anyone there. 
Carmina looked up to Nate for an answer or a decision. 
"Come on," he said, instead. 
On their way down the hill back to Sanctuary, they stopped quickly to check the area surrounding the Vault for any more weapons on the chance that they came across any cockroaches again, or anything else of the like. 
They only found a pipe, which Nate handed to Carmina, telling her to put her back into it if she needed to use it. 
Carmina nodded, keeping the pipe tightly in her fist just in case anything jumped out at them. 
Before the bomb had dropped, she'd been a lawyer whereas Nate had been in the military, so there was a stark contrast to the experience both of them had. 
Nate knew how to use a weapon and how to survive, whereas Carmina only knew people. 
She wasn't equipped to deal with this. 
She was just lucky that Nate had survived with her. 
When they arrived back at Sanctuary, they were both lucky to have not come across any other giant insects or anything else that wanted to kill them. 
Taking the first step back into the place they once called home - or what was left of it - felt like a nightmare Carmina couldn't wake up from. 
The houses were all destroyed or on their way there. 
The formerly green grass was brown and dead, and the once brightly coloured houses were now dull and lifeless. 
The entirety of Sanctuary was lifeless. 
They very quickly realised, just by looking around, that there was no one about. 
Except for one person. 
Or, one robot. 
"As I live and breathe…" Carmina heard. 
She stopped her examination of Sanctuary and turned around just in time for a very familiar Mr Handy to float closer. 
"Mum, Sir," Codsworth greeted. 
Carmina gave a watery smile and took a step closer, passing Nate who stood stock still. 
"Codsworth," Carmina sighed with relief. 
"You're still here." 
Her husband didn't seem to mind (or at least care) when she talked to the robot. 
"Well of course I'm still here," Codsworth exclaimed, "you don't think a little radiation could deter the pride of General Atomics International?" 
Carmina smiled a little, relieved to see and hear Codsworth again. 
She didn't think after leaving him to escape to the Vault that she would ever see him again, but here he was, seemingly none the worse for wear aside from a bit of rust and a few dents. 
"And where is young Shaun, by the way? 
I'm so happy to see both of you, but the boy?" 
Codsworth asked, gesturing with one of his many metallic limbs. 
Suddenly, Carmina's smile dropped as the reminder of her son caused her heart to clench. 
She looked down and blinked away tears as Nate took control of the conversation. 
"Gone," he said, "some assholes kidnapped him and shot me. 
We need to find him." 
"Sir," Codsworth drooped, "these awful things you're saying. 
This seems likely to be delusions caused by blood loss! 
Not to worry, I'm sure I have a Stimpak and some bandages lying around somewhere." 
"This isn't a delusion, you stupid robot!" 
Nate snapped. 
"They took our goddamn baby, and we're gonna get him back! 
Now fetch me the Stimpak and bandages, and point us in the direction of the nearest surviving civilisation. 
Now." 
Codsworth was silent for a few moments, Carmina almost wondered if what Nate had said had finally broken the surviving robot. 
But then he turned and began to move. 
He whizzed around and entered the house they'd been standing next to, which Carmina quickly realised was what remained of their home. 
She and Nate followed the Mr Handy inside, only to pause on the threshold at the state of the house. 
It was a mess. 
Hardly anything remained of their furniture and anything that had somewhat survived was burned, torn, broken, or a combination of all three. 
"There's Concord," Codsworth said while moving around the house, seemingly searching for the Stimpak and bandages. 
"Plenty of people there, and, last I checked, they only pummelled me with sticks a few times before I had to run back home." 
"I like these people already," Nate mumbled as he leaned against the kitchen counter and checked the pistol he'd taken from the Vault. 
"Oh good! 
Maybe you'll get along, then, and they can help you find young Shaun," Codsworth said, apparently missing the sarcasm. 
From behind the kitchen counter, Codsworth swooped down and picked up some items. 
Carmina recognised the Stimpak and bandages. 
Nate nodded to Carmina and she dutifully headed to take the medical items from Codsworth. 
The Stimpak was larger than she remembered (having not used one for at least a few months - or however long it had been since the bomb), but she recalled how to use it. 
Once Nate had lifted his shirt, Carmina injected the Stimpak into his side near the bullet wound, and pressed down to release the liquid. 
Nate barely winced. 
Though Carmina was under the impression that Nate had wanted her to bandage the wound too, he took the roll from her and stalked over to sit on the dirty couch. 
"I gotta get this bullet out," he muttered to her questioning gaze. 
"Make yourself useful while you wait. 
Tidy this place up or something." 
Carmina looked around her at the mess that was their bomb-stricken home and sighed quietly. 
It would be impossible to tidy the place up and get it looking brand new again, but she could probably just pick a few items up while she waited. 
Turning away from her husband, Carmina began to kick aside bits of debris and dust, occasionally picking up items and putting them to the side just to make the place look a little tidier. 
She kept an eye on Nate as she did so, watching as he shucked the top half of his Vault suit off to access the bullet wound. 
She silently admired his toned abs from afar, the way his muscles flexed as he messily removed the bullet from his flesh. 
And then the clanking of metal on wood drew her back to reality when he tossed the abstracted bullet on the table in front of him. 
Carmina winced at the sight of blood staining the bullet and the coffee table. 
By the time Nate had tightly wrapped the bandage around his torso, stemming the bleeding, for now, Carmina had somewhat tidied the kitchenette area to look almost presentable. 
Nate pulled his Vault suit back up, hiding the bandages, and retrieved his gun from the coffee table. 
"That should be enough for now," he said, seemingly biting back a wince. 
Carmina placed a rusted, dented pot back on what had once been a functioning hob, and headed back to his side. 
"Does it hurt?" 
She asked with concern. 
Jesus." 
Nate shook his head and looked to Codsworth who was watching them. 
"So, Concord?" 
He asked the Mr Handy. 
"Correct, sir," Codsworth answered. 
"And beyond that, if you're unable to find any help there, you should be able to make your way to Diamond City. 
There's bound to be someone who can help you there." 
"Diamond City?" 
Carmina questioned. 
"I believe it used to be called Fenway Park," Codsworth revealed. 
"Though, it's been a long time since then, of course. 
I could be getting my details mixed up." 
"You're telling me Fenway Park is now a, what, a city?" 
Nate asked. 
"As far as I've heard, yes," Codsworth confirmed. 
"Jesus, how long were we in that Vault?" 
Carmina breathed, running a hand through her hair. 
"Well, it's been a little over 200 years since the bombs originally fell, give or take," Codsworth said. 
"200 years?" 
Carmina repeated. 
"Fuck," Nate said. 
"It - we can't have been in there for 200 years," Carmina shook her head, "it's not possible. 
What about Shaun? 
"Don't," Nate stopped her abruptly with a rough hand on her arm. 
"He's not dead. 
My son is out there somewhere and I'm going to find him, alive." 
Carmina swallowed and nodded, but the tears remained in her eyes. 
Her vision of Nate became blurry. 
With a huff, Nate let go of her arm and barged around her. 
He stormed towards the door and left the house. 
"Carmina! 
Get your ass out here, now!" 
Jumping on the spot, Carmina bade Codsworth a hasty goodbye, and then followed Nate outside. 
"Look, if we're gonna find Shaun in this fucking wasteland, I can't have you dawdling," Nate said as soon as Carmina reached his side, "I had enough of it before the bombs fell, I definitely don't need it now. 
Got it?" 
Carmina nodded. 
"I'm sorry," she apologised. 
"Let's go before the sun sets," Nate said. 
"Concord is about twenty minutes from here, but Fenway Park has gotta be two or three hours. 
The sun already looks low enough as it is." 
Again, Carmina nodded. 
With a sigh, Nate check his gun and the ammo he'd managed to find in Vault 111. 
Once he was satisfied, he bared his shoulders. 
"All right, let's go," he said. 
Nate began to walk off, heading towards the bridge leading out of Sanctuary. 
Carmina quickly began to follow him and, deciding to try her luck, she took hold of his hand and linked their fingers. 
To her surprise, he didn't pull away or scold her. 
Instead, he tightened his hold and pulled her a little closer to himself. 
Carmina smiled and allowed him to lead the way. 
Hunter did not have much use for birthdays so he tended to measure years in injuries and others' guesses about his age. 
His trainers were wary and consulted his uncle about whether to take him to the Healing Coven. 
She was told just to shut up and repair him so he could grip the staff and take a ready stance again as soon as possible. 
He never saw that healer again and lost track of the date in the endless training regimen that followed. 
He zoned in and out during that healing and vaguely heard some witch talking about pre-pubescent bones being more resilient. 
He didn't recall bouncing much when he hit the cobblestones but adults knew more about that sort of thing than him so he accepted the explanation for why he wasn't dead. 
That was unusual. 
Darius of the Abomination Coven commented that even children Hunter's age could use lessons in sewing and other useful skills but did not volunteer himself as a new tutor in Hunter's training schedule. 
When he was found by something small, orange and furry that sniffed at his hair and howled to mark the discovery, he was suffering from exposure. 
He was dimly aware of being whisked to someone from the Healing Coven who murmured about him only just entering double digits but it was hard to remember afterwards. 
The other Emperor's Coven recruits in their identity-smothering masks were all twelve so he assumed he must be too. 
He met a snow beast halfway with far too many teeth. 
He had been trying to prove his worth over the other Scouts on a wild witch hunt and been taken unawares by their target's wild magic. 
The blast pushed him off the edge of a cliff. 
He thought maybe his uncle found him but that could have been a delusion. 
Certainly, someone encased his leg to prevent him from bleeding out, picked him up and carried him back to the castle, muttering about little princes thinking they were immortal and thirteen being an unlucky age. 
The poison sank deep, rendering him delusional after he stabbed it to death so hard it broken apart at the thorax. 
In the litany of injuries throughout his life, that was the one that actually embarrassed him. 
Hunter did not ask why. 
Unicorns were carnivorous so he took a team of trustworthy guards to coordinate the capture. 
However, Steve got cornered and Hunter found himself pushing the idiot out of the charging unicorn's path before he could think better of it. 
He pretended his cloak had absorbed most of the attack and marched back to the castle at the head of the crew dragging the beast's corpse, mocking her for her incompetence. 
His uncle had warned him against ludicrous displays of compassion already. 
He resolved to tell no-one of the injury and settled for stealing healing salves out of the Infirmary when no-one was looking and rubbing them awkwardly on his back alone. 
Hunter barely got the door to the throne room closed before Belos's arms melted into writhing, contorting masses of blue-green sludge. 
So much pained gurgling ripped from his uncle's throat that Hunter genuinely thought this was it, the big one, the moment he feared most: when the affliction would claim the life of the last of his family and leave him alone in the world. 
It glowing soft blue, like a healing spell, and suddenly Hunter could breathe again. 
The blood stopped flowing, though his hands were stained so red he knew he had not imagined the whole thing. 
His uncle had apologised – apologised! 
Darius came to visit him in the Infirmary afterwards, though he didn't say much. 
Hunter didn't really understand what he meant by that. 
His uncle had insisted on the healer witches leaving his face scarred as a ‘reminder', though whether for Hunter or himself was unclear. 
To be fair, she might have healed him a little when he was asleep, before she slapped him awake and left a handprint over his scarred cheek. 
It was the kind of stupidly kind thing she would do for an enemy. 
Things … changed after that. 
Flapjack, forever tucked safely into his cloak, made Hunter more aware of possible injuries. 
He took more care to avoid them in case the little bird got cracked or worse. 
That stupid human girl worked her way into his life and no matter how much he pushed her away, she somehow kept coming back. 
She was like a direwolf with a bone; completely unable to be dissuaded once she had made the decision to befriend him. 
With her came others, trailing like thorny vines that hooked into his clothes and skin, growing back no matter how often he tried to pull them out: Captain Willow who gave him a chance he didn't have to earn first; Gus the Prodigy Illusionist who talked a big talk despite his diminutive statue; the youngest Blight and the cursed Owl Lady; Viney and her stupid griffin that never learned to like him; Skara, who played soothing music when he was stressed and sent him the files over Penstagram. 
Did he have … friends? 
Allies? 
Cuts and scrapes to his face and neck from his madcap run through the woods after he and Luz escaped from his uncle's – no, EmperorBelosPhillip's – mind. 
He tumbled down an embankment in his haste to get away from her, the Owl Lady, the pets they kept and the knowledge they had uncovered. 
He wasn't real. 
He was just a copy of someone else, someone more important whom Belos had killed regardless. 
When he reached the bottom, he tucked himself inside a hollow rotten log and stayed there until dawn, too stupefied to move. 
Flapjack found him but did not twitter out his location to his enemies – Allies? 
Friends? 
– instead hopping into the log too and bedding down in Hunter's hair like the weight of his small body could ground him somehow. 
Ridiculously, it worked. 
Guards were looking for him in the morning, so he fled to the only place he had ever felt truly safe and accepted. 
When Gus discovered him hiding at the school, Hunter had not showered in weeks. 
His ablutions had to take place when the student bathrooms were unoccupied and the showering facilities were locked at night when the school was closed. 
He knew he stank worse than griffin dung but realistically there was nothing he could do about it. 
Hygiene had to take a back seat to survival while he was on the run. 
Why else would he have stooped to eating literal garbage? 
Some Golden Guard. 
Some perfect pupil. 
Some ideal nephew. 
So when he was finally able to stop hiding, when Gus offered him a place to stay that was not a closed off auditorium or a hollow log in the woods, Hunter cautiously accepted it, wondering all the while what the catch was. 
Gus's house was ordinary in a way Hunter could not fully accept was not a trick. 
He made sure to bolt the bathroom door when encouraged to go inside and wash up for the first time that month. 
The water ran brown and grey and red, bits of soil and filth clagging the plughole until he picked them out with a finger. 
He stared at his hands under the warm spray from the showerhead, noting the new blisters and calluses from learning how to handle Flapjack's staff instead of the fake one given to him by his uncle – the Emperor, Belos, Phillip Wittebane, an almost-stranger, not his family. 
He turned his face up into the water, coughing when it flowed into his airway for a second. 
The cough jolted loose his thoughts and galvanised him back to the business of washing. 
He lathered up his hair with something that smelled of flowers he could not name, washed the fresh cuts from the fight at the school so they would not get infected and allowed a tiny bit of tension to ease from his shoulders. 
That tension returned when he walked into the bedroom to find Gus depositing a pile of folded clothes on the bed. 
They had been for him to find once he finished in the shower. 
Gus had clearly intended to be gone by the time that happened but Hunter had not allowed himself as much time for cleanliness as his – new best friend? 
– ally had anticipated. 
They stared at each other with wide eyes, Gus holding a balled-up pair of blue socks, Hunter with one hand on the doorframe, one holding the towel wrapped around his waist. 
Gus turned away first. 
Hunter cinched the towel tighter and strode into the bedroom like nothing was wrong. 
He had long since learned that if you pretended everything was fine with enough confidence, everyone around you tended to believe it too and left you alone. 
Gus clearly had not learned that same lesson. 
He edged out of the room, muttering about his dad's shirt fitting Hunter better than his own owing to the differences in their height and how he was making food downstairs. 
Hunter let him get as far as the hallway before saying thank you and letting Flapjack nudge it closed. 
Only then did he sit on the bed and try to get his breathing under control, faithfully counting on his fingers until the dull ache in his ribs alleviated. 
He knew about his scars. 
They were the evidence of his failures. 
They did not bother him anymore except as a reminder of those times he had screwed up. 
But why? 
It did not make any sense. 
They were square. 
More than square. 
Luz's voice echoed in his head that friendship was not about that sort of give and take, which was stupid because he knew she had never actually said that to him so how could he be remembering her saying it? 
He put on the borrowed clothing, spent a few moments centring himself by stroking Flapjack's soft chest feathers, then went downstairs to where Gus was making food in the kitchen and pretending everything was fine. 
Hunter was content with that. 
He made himself useful helping with preparations and answering questions he had not already covered when interrogated by the school faculty about the Day of Unity. 
Gus's father had already gone to the Head in advance. 
Gus was worried since he would be out of contact until after the celebration. 
Hunter wondered what that felt like. 
He had been concerned about Belos's safety when they were outside the castle but he wasn't sure ‘worry' was the right word for it. 
He had felt dutybound to protect his only family, to please him, care for him, make sure he wasn't in pain from his affliction. 
Was that worry? 
Was that love? 
It was all very confusing. 
Gus paused with an apple slice halfway to his mouth and reminded Hunter to breathe. 
It made Hunter's ear tips glow with furious blushing. 
To be reminded like that by someone who had not even graduated high school yet! 
He was the Golden Guard! 
He knew how to breathe. 
So why, then, did his chest feel so tight despite the loose-fitting shirt? 
Why did his throat ache? 
Why was it so hard to talk? 
Gus did not ask about the scars. 
Hunter was not sure whether he wanted him to stay silent or not. 
He was even less sure when, days later, they met up with Willow to escort Luz on her mission. 
There were moments Gus and Willow had whispered side conversations and more than once he saw Gus gesturing to a spot on his body where Hunter knew the worst of his old injuries showed on his own and Willow would look over at him. 
Her skills of subterfuge were exactly zero. 
She would make an awful spy. 
The aching sympathy in her eyes was impossible to mistake. 
She was cactus-sharp and diamond-hard but her eyes were always so damn soft with emotion. 
He was glad when Luz was dropped into the clearing in front of them and they had something else to focus on other than him and his weaknesses. 
He was half-convinced the draining spell would leave new scars on his arms, chest, neck and face but the golden glow faded along with the pain when the Collector moved the moon – he moved the whole moon, sweet merciful mother of Titans. 
When they landed in the Human Realm the rain did not scour his skin like those times in training when he had to run across the courtyard in a storm to build up his pain threshold. 
His feet hurt as they walked from the rickety wooden shack to Luz's house, Gus carried in a piggyback because he was crying too much to stand, but it was nothing like standing on hot coals during endurance training. 
Hunter knew these were hurts he could manage; injuries he would withstand easier than any of the other kids – his allies, no, his friends, real friends, friends he never asked for but now would die for if necessary. 
They would not judge him for his failures, he realised during that brief trip through the rain. 
They would feel sympathy for his much they must have hurt but they would not judge him for her how he got them. 
They would not think him weak, or a fool, or a failure. 
When Camila Noceda asked them all to change into dry clothes that she and the basilisk who lived with her had fetched, Hunter did not hesitate. 
Luz stared, because of course she did. 
He had known she would. 
And, thankfully, there was no sympathy in her eyes, just a kind of anger that wasn't directed at him, but for him. 
Luz knew without him having to tell her that his scars came from his life with Belos, who had viewed him as nothing but a tool, not a person who deserved sympathy or friendship or love. 
He made himself vulnerable in a totally new way, in that moment. 
His body told his story better than words could. 
And as he settled into a huddle with this clutch of refugees – friends, damn it – who had come to mean so much to him, Flapjack nestling into his hair, Hunter contemplated that today was as good a day as any to commemorate being born again. 
Schlatt coughed at Quackity before dosing another bottle again. 
Schlatt burped. 
Schlatt was hazardously swinging around a stained and battered crate of beer. 
The usual ocean of brown always unsettled Quackity despite being constantly submerged in it. 
The liquid always glared and stared at him like in those odd portraits. 
Watching and judging his every move similar to his also unwilling boyfriend, Jschlatt. 
Schlatt's drinking "habit" had swamped the whole country in pathetic and outlandish laws and reforms. 
Quackity had to apologise intensely with mumbled Spanish when Schlatt tried to outlaw baked goods or hats in Manburg. 
Quackity also always had to bring him back from the 24/7 state demanded bars, practically dress him every morning and take emergency control as president. 
The pairing of president and vice president was more imbalanced than you would think. 
Quackity grumbled as the thought of hours of a dangerous and delirious Schlatt haunted him. 
He couldn't really deal with this from dealing with the invasion of the bakery nearby. 
Schlatt asked. 
Quackity whipped his head away as he glared out the window. 
He awkwardly tapped his nail against the wooden table. 
The scratching and panted breaths reminded him of how close he was to death. 
Trying to forget, he swamped down his spit on his drying throat. 
The vice president tried to focus on the birds before his boyfriend screamed. 
Schlatt slammed his crate onto the creaking table. 
He bellowed a deep grunt before throwing Quackity out of his chair. 
Schlatt yelled. 
Quackity nodded aggressively before his chin was pulled. 
"You don't respond like some L'manburgian pussy alright?" 
Schlatt smiled sickly. 
The sinister prickles of beard swayed in an act of war. 
A single needle prick of his chubby fingers or his yellowing teeth would kill Quackity. 
"You always had such nice skin baby querida," Schlatt groaned. 
Quackity moved his face to the other side. 
Schlatt simply slumbered his undeveloped mouth in shock. 
Quackity backed himself up into a corner before running to the kitchen counter. 
Quackity picked up a slightly empty bottle of liquor. 
He turned to Schlatt who awkwardly ran towards him. 
The hiccups accompanied with cackles from Quackity scared him too much. 
The artistic and delicate pursuit of creating a new man in the already decaying body. 
Desperate and republish grabs at his body similar to nights before. 
The vice president seemed entertained like an innocent child at the crime scene. 
Soon enough, something awoke inside Quackity. 
He remembered he couldn't just get away with such an act. 
Not at least without some sort of planning like Schlatt forced him to do. 
With a simple hum, his tremors fled from his body. 
Schlatt was quickly chopped up into smaller pieces and shoved inside the same crate. 
Quackity continued until the light of day warned him what came by. 
The house was now uncluttered and free of any stains Schlatt left in his time. 
Quackity was allowed to have his time now. 
Away from the sticky and draining monster that inhabited the disgusting form of Schlatt. 
A man dressed in deceiving white, truthful black and conniving brown was now gone. 
Quackity was able to dance and sing away from the man who once abused him. 
All he got was a taste of his spite and black he shot back into the world. 
He simply just injected it through something he loved. 
That drinking habit Quackity always hated. 
The night is empty in Privet Drive, England. 
Not even the summer breeze dares to rustle the leaves on perfectly groomed trees and perfectly cut bushes. 
No birds chirp and no crickets sing, even the creatures of the night stay silent as they hide. 
For the summer breeze turns cold. 
And the night is kissed by death. 
Harry Potter is known for being the boy who lived, escaping death when no one else managed to be able to. 
Voldemort, he who must not be named, the Dark Lord, death. 
And he managed to escape as an infant. 
A streak of luck some could say. 
Some could say he used all his luck in that very moment. 
For if there is ever going to be another title bestowed upon the boy it would be: Harry Potter, the boy with the worst luck in the Wizarding World. 
Because if that weren't the case then he wouldn't currently be fighting for his continuation at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. 
And by a strobe of luck that wasn't his own, borrowed shortly for a time, he manages to earn his place back in his home. 
But that is only part of the story, in order for everything to fall into place, one has to start at the beginning. 
The summer after Cedric's death was arguably the worst Harry's experienced yet. 
It started out calm, quiet, a normality he was used to. 
And he'd rather anything than be noticed. 
Not different at all. 
Callused fingers trail across the injured skin, he squints into the small handheld mirror Hermione had bought for him as a joke a year back as a "congratulations for figuring out the Egg idiot, maybe now you can see how stupid you are for entering the Competion" gift. 
He frowns at the hollow shape his cheeks are beginning to form and slips his glasses back on. 
He flops backwards onto his pillow, turning to glare at Hedwig's empty cage. 
Said absent owl currently stretching her wings above the many homes of England. 
He sighs, resting his arm over his eyes, blocking out the blinding light of the mid-morning sun. 
This is the time of day where Harry feels like he's floating, he's not needed, he just exists. 
He likes the feeling of being allowed to just exist. 
He's already made breakfast and he finished dusting everything the day prior, he'll need to vacuum after lunch, but lunch isn't until a few hours. 
So he lets himself exist. 
A loud crash sounds in the room next to his. 
Dudley and his friends' boisterous laughter brings him back down to reality. 
"Harry!" 
Taking a deep steadying breath he grumbles to himself, plopping his feet onto his bedroom floor and making his way to a waiting Uncle Vernon. 
Voice pinched he greets him. 
"Yes sir?" 
"What have I told you about using magic in this home!" 
Vernon's face is red to the ears and Harry fights off a laugh at how stupid Vernon looks when he's angry. 
"My wand is currently locked away in the cupboard, sir." 
His voice drips with sarcasm, a brief feeling of satisfaction pumps through him at Vernon's dumbfounded expression. 
Harry blinks, mouthing a small ‘ow' as Vernon shakes with anger. 
Harry stares at him, expression unimpressed. 
"The crash came from Dudley's room, not mine." 
Vernon's hot breath smells of grease as he leans in close. 
"Then clean it up." 
He briefly glances into his room to see if Hedwig had returned, frowning when he sees the still empty cage. 
He frowns even harder when he stops in front of Dudley's closed door. 
The sounds of the other boys inside churning his stomach ill. 
He places three quick raps on the door, rocking on his heel as he waits for it to open. 
"Who is it?" 
He hears one of the boys, the smaller one, ask. 
"Probably my stupid cousin here to pick up your mess." 
"What is he your maid?" 
That one came from the taller, meaner one. 
The smaller one again, really now that he thinks about it, he should really learn their names. 
The door opens, revealing Dudley's ugly face. 
"What do you want?" 
It's harsh, but Harry merely brushes it off, peeking around his cousin to see the mess. 
A broken lamp. 
Harry sighs. 
"To pick up your mess darling cousin." 
He mocks the way Petunia speaks, glaring at Dudley with the most blank expression imaginable. 
"Yeah darling." 
The smaller one mocks, laughing ugly as Dudley flicks him off, opening the door with a grumble and letting Harry in. 
"Shut the fuck up Aiden." 
Well, that's a dumb name, at least Harry knows it now. 
Aiden laughs, flicking off Dudley in retaliation. 
Harry maneuvers around them, crouching down in front of the broken lamp. 
Of fucking course it's glass. 
He stands, grabbing a tissue off of Dudley's side table, spreading it out in his hand as he begins the pick of the shards of colorful glass. 
From the looks of it the lamp shards it must have been expensive, he grimaces as he places the overpriced trash into the tissue. 
"Shit." 
You're killing our vibe." 
Aiden gripes as the shoe he threw bounces onto the floor next to Harry. 
He stands, rushing to grab another tissue so he doesn't stain the white carpet. 
The taller one yawns, unfazed by Harry's rush. 
"Do we even know that he's gay? 
I mean he doesn't look it." 
"Jesus Malik, of course he is. 
He's practically moaning that bloke's Cedric's name every night." 
Dudley snorts a laugh. 
"Cedric , oh Cedric." 
Harry freezes, brief moments of memories he wishes he'd forget flashing through his mind. 
Cedric in the maze. 
The cup. 
Cedric dead. 
Voldemort. 
Cedric dead. 
"Oh look! 
Seems like you've hit a nerve Duds." 
Harry's breathing picks up slightly, not even processing Aiden's cruel words. 
He rushes to finish cleaning, dumping the shards in the trash before trying to make his way out of the room. 
"Oi! 
Queer! 
Don't you dare jerk off to me tonight you got it!?" 
Harry flicks Aiden off as he shuts the door behind him. 
Turning into his own room, slamming his own door. 
His breathing quickens. 
Cedric dead. 
Cedric's dead body. 
Cedric. 
He sinks to the floor, holding pressure on his open wound, tears pooling in his eyes. 
Cedric's dead and Harry couldn't save him. 
Cedric's dead and Harry isn't. 
Stay safe everyone!!! 
(See the end of the chapter for more notes.) 
Draco Malfoy is a boy submerged in loneliness, always has been. 
From the moment he was born he was taken from the rest and raised to be the perfect son, the perfect Slytherin, the perfect Malfoy. 
All of which he isn't, all of which he's never been. 
Maybe in his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry he acted the way he was raised, but he soon learned just how wrong the things he was taught were. 
He became educated but careful, he refused to call people "Mudbloods" but he still couldn't be caught kind so he put on his ‘bully' act and that seemed to do the trick. 
He does hate it however, throat tightening every cruel word, tears prickling every cruel action. 
He hates it. 
He hates this. 
So if the price he pays for his unwanted actions is this then he is fine with it. 
He'd rather be lonely than be the person he forces himself to be. 
Playing with the feathers of his quill he watches the sun set, dinner is soon. 
He dips the quill into his overpriced ink, made from the bones of some far away animal, he doesn't care where it came from as long as it writes well, which it doesn't. 
He sighs in frustration, wiping the excess ink back into the bottle before it drips onto his letter. 
In big loopy handwriting, very much different from his own neat style, he writes out words he'd get murdered for if his family ever found. 
Well, maybe not his mother. 
He writes down words he has overheard, things he has seen, experiences one can only witness if what the Boy who Lived says is true. 
And they are. 
He who must not be named has returned. 
And he is in Draco's very own home. 
For a brief moment he wonders if the Muffliato charm could work both ways. 
He dips the quill in ink again, trying hard to focus on what his father is asking the woman between each unforgivable. 
I'm trying. 
Hours later his mother comes to greet him. 
"Draco darling?" 
She knocks on his door, harsh body language going kind as she waits for her son. 
When he opens his door his face is red and eyes are puffy, Narcissia frowns, worry creasing her brow. 
She wants to check in on him, make sure he's ok, but she knows she can't, they are wanted. 
So instead she just whispers a small spell as he walks past, clearing his face from all signs of previous distress. 
For there shall be no delays when you are called by the Dark Lord. 
She walks behind him, both their hands firmly grasped behind their backs, a behavior taught young. 
A sign of obedience. 
She watches as his carefully manicured hand taps nervously against his wrist, squinting slightly at left-over residue of scrubbed away ink. 
Narcissa Malfoy straightens, posture going rigid and face turning mean, empty. 
She watches her son's do the same. 
And together like mice they enter where the snakes lay in wait. 
Draco takes his place next to his father with his head held high, knuckles white. 
His father and the rest of the Deatheaters are already lined, faces flushed with excitement as they wait for their Lord. 
The door creaks open and a long snake, with a terrifyingly human expression, makes its way into the room, slithering between people, wrinkling perfectly straightened robes, it wraps around Draco's ankles before returning to its master's waiting hand. 
Draco breathes, he hates that snake. 
The Dark Lord smiles as he looks upon his followers, taking in their eager body language with interest. 
His gaze stops on Draco, Draco stills. 
"He does not bear the mark Lucius." 
The Dark Lord speaks, not taking his eyes off the boy. 
"No my Lord, but he must begin to learn how to serve you for when he is needed." 
Draco looks at his father, bowing submissively, it's a strange sight to see, such a cruel man so willingly following another. 
The Dark Lord hums in thought, humoring the idea in his mind. 
"For when he is needed then." 
And he turns away, leading the rest into the room where the screams come loudest. 
The Dark Lord takes his seat at the head of the table, long fingers intertwining as he watches the rest of them take their own seat. 
Draco goes to sit between his mother and father when the Dark Lord holds up a hand stopping him. 
"You're here to learn are you not?" 
Draco hesitantly nods, wanting nothing more than to leave. 
The Dark Lord smiles and gestures to the empty seat next to him. 
"Come sit with me, my child." 
Draco makes brief eye contact with his mother, searching for reassurance in her cold gaze. 
Upon not finding any he swallows dryly, pushing his chair in as he makes his way to the front of the table, sitting down quietly, hands gripping the edges of his seat tightly. 
Three of the Malfoy house elves make their way around the room, fearfully reaching around the Deatheaters in order to place plates and drinks. 
Draco prays that the Dark Lord didn't notice how he leaned back out of habit in order to make the elves' (a kind older elf called Kit) job easier, or how Kit's ears dropped slightly when Draco's usual thankful smile was not given. 
The Dark Lord, however, was watching, and he did notice. 
A small smile spread upon his snakelike face, Nagini curling up at his feet. 
Draco holds his breath as her weight presses against the side of his foot. 
The Dark Lord notices this as well. 
Draco waits for the Dark Lord to begin to eat before he even dared touch his utensils, cutting the fish with careful precision, focusing all his nervous energy into the motion. 
The Dark Lord's smile grows larger as he watches. 
Draco was barely three bites in before the Dark Lord raises his hand once more. 
Everyone stills, sounds of utensils being dropped the only in the room. 
Draco watches the Dark Lord's hand lower as he hesitantly finishes chewing. 
"I do feel it is time for our promised entertainment, is it not Lucius?" 
Draco watches his father stand with a bow and leave, confusion coursing through his veins, when his father returns his heart stops dead. 
Behind his father floats the muggle woman from hours earlier. 
Hoots and hollers come from the adults around him, slurs being thrown about as the muggle woman comes to a stop and floats above the table. 
His finger taps against his seat in order to try and compose himself, he knows the Dark Lord is watching his reaction. 
"Draco." 
"You are here to learn?" 
Draco swallows. 
"Yes my Lord." 
"Then watch." 
Draco's throat tightens as the snakelike man pulls out a long wand, holding it lightly in his pale fingers. 
He points it at the muggle woman. 
"Do you know who this is my child?" 
Draco and the woman make eye contact again, she only stares at him. 
"No my Lord." 
A hand rests on his shoulders. 
"Do you know what she is?" 
"She's a filthy muggle." 
He forces as much disgust into his voice as possible, hating the way it sounds, hating the way the woman broke eye contact, hope leaving her face entirely. 
"And what do we do with filthy muggles?" 
Draco's mouth dries as his eyes begin to water. 
"We kill them." 
"Crucio." 
Draco watches it fall, heart in his throat and his stomach simultaneously, his face red with anger and fear. 
He wants to stop it, please stop, please stop. 
Stop! 
Please stop it! 
The woman screams louder with the twist of the Dark Lord's hand, her chest rising as she struggles to breathe. 
Please! 
Her eyes roll back into her head. 
Stop! 
He chokes, twisting his head out of the Dark Lords hold, tears betray him as they stream down his face hot and heavy. 
The woman's screaming stops. 
Everything stops. 
The snake at his feet coils tightly around his ankle. 
Draco's stomach drops. 
Ever so slowly he looks back at the Dark Lord. 
The Dark Lord is not looking at him back. 
He follows his gaze to his father's blank face. 
His father looks from the Dark Lord to Draco, standing with a bow, knuckles white, obviously containing his anger. 
Draco shrinks into his seat. 
"My Lord I-" his father begins, the Dark Lord holds up a hand silencing him. 
"I believe that you said he is here to learn?" 
Draco's father's eyes bare into his own. 
"He is, My Lord." 
Draco's hands scrunch into fists. 
"Then care to explain to me why he refuses too?" 
"I'm afraid I do not know My Lord, but I assure you he will receive punishment for disobeying you." 
The Dark Lord hums, long pale fingers tapping the table. 
"I do believe there is a way your son may redeem himself." 
"Do you have your wand my child?" 
Draco nods. 
"Yes, my Lord." 
His arm is let go and he pulls the wand from his coat pocket, fingers shaking slightly. 
Upon this the Dark Lord once again grabs onto Draco's wrist, only now angling it to point at the muggle woman. 
Upon seeing her Draco wonders if she's dead, the ever so slight rise and fall of her chest argue otherwise. 
The command is a hiss. 
"Kill her." 
Draco's pulse rings in his ears, his head jerking to face the snake-like man next to him. 
A malicious smile greets him. 
"What?" 
He manages, voice shaking. 
"I don't like repeating myself, my child." 
"Kill her, now." 
The tears Draco sheds grow fast now, no longer only pooling in his eyes, dripping down his face, off his chin. 
He trembles in the Dark Lord's hold. 
"I-" he hiccups "I can't." 
The Dark Lord regards him, thoughts flickering behind his snake like eyes. 
He removes the wand and instead points it at the muggle woman, Draco follows the movement with his eyes. 
He wishes he hadn't. 
The muggle woman's eyes open. 
The Dark Lord smiles. 
"Avada Kedavra." 
And the woman falls limp. 
