It weighed on his mind to think how in denial Hop was about all this, but he wasn't going to give up on him. 
They may have had their spats, and Leon hated getting into arguments with him, but it was inevitable for everything to always be one hundred percent happy and fine all the time. 
From his end, all he got were sarcastic responses and denial, but Leon knew deep down maybe he was just ashamed of his true feelings. 
He wanted to think, at least he hoped to think, that Hop was just as in love with him as he was, but he was too embarrassed to admit it. 
Hop nodded, and Leon felt his blood boil as he stood there and watched him smile at Raihan. 
It was one of those small, shy smiles, but it was a fucking smile all the same, and he gritted his teeth. 
There was no way he hadn't done that on purpose. 
"Just what the hell was that all about, huh?" 
"You know damn well what I mean, Hop." 
before placing it on the counter next to him, never once breaking his gaze away from him. 
"What's your problem?!" 
You didn't bother coming out of your room all day until Raihan showed up. 
You like him, don't you?" 
I already told you, you fucking psycho! 
"So why did you smile at him?" 
"Yes, you did, I stood right over there and watched you!" 
"I'm not done talking to you, Hop!" 
You're fucking insane and I'm not going to stand here and argue with you over who I'm allowed to smile at!" 
"You know." 
He didn't fucking care right now. 
"You know he likes you." 
Hop froze, Leon feeling it when he seized up in his hold, his eyes widening before he broke his gaze away, cheeks gushing red. 
"No, he doesn't." 
"Yeah, I keep forgetting you know everything, Hop." 
"But, that night he was here drinking, he told me. 
It wasn't a lie to leave out the part he also wanted Leon in on the fun, but he didn't feel the need to include that. 
It sickened him to be saying things like this to Hop, but his rationale was shot, and he knew deep down he was only saying things like this to scare him. 
But, he didn't care. 
Let Hop be scared. 
Let him think everything Leon did was horrible and that life was just so bad for him right now. 
But, the reaction was immediate. 
"You never do. 
You didn't believe me about your little girlfriend and you didn't believe me about your Mum either." 
Let him get scared. 
He deserved it. 
"And look what happened with them, Hop. 
Mum kicked you out, your dumb little girlfriend rejected you. 
Now you won't believe me when I tell you Raihan wants to fuck you? 
And you still have the nerve to smile at him like you do?" 
He smirked, enjoying way too much how Hop's expression only continued to fall, until he wasn't moving at all, but frozen in shock. 
Hop sucked in a breath through his teeth, and Leon could see it on his expression. 
Hell, it's all on the table when it comes to him. 
Hop's voice was riddled with hysteria, and Leon could hear him cracking as he struggled to say what he had to say. 
"I-I don't want any of that! 
"Then why are you flirting with him?" 
"You're insane! 
What part of smiling at someone has anything to do with flirting with them?!" 
"Why don't you tell me? 
I'd love to hear your excuse, or rather, your lies." 
It's fucking creepy that you want to touch me the way you do!" 
"I'm not getting into this argument with you again, Hop. 
LEE, GET OFF ME!" 
"Where the hell do you think you're going?!" 
"I'M LEAVING! 
LET GO!" 
"Shut up! 
Hop, nobody cares! 
"SHUT UP! 
YOU'RE SICK, A FUCKING PSYCHO!" 
"Hop, I'm not fucking playing around with you. 
"Then do it!" 
"You're a fucking psycho, Lee!" 
"Stop calling me that!" 
"You're insane! 
You can't seriously stand there and tell me everything you're doing isn't creepy as fuck! 
Let me go, I wanna go home! 
Let him fight. 
Let Hop deny this all he wanted. 
Let him sit there and scream and throw a tantrum like this, try to run out on him. 
Go right ahead. 
Shout it to the world if you want, I don't care!" 
You love this, and you know that you do." 
"Stop! 
"Shut up." 
And the truth is, you've always been enamored with me, right?" 
"You probably laid awake thinking of me, didn't you?" 
I never did!" 
"Liar. 
You would always get so excited to see me when I came to town, like you couldn't contain yourself when I came to visit, like it was the happiest time of your life. 
So, of course, you were ashamed of your crush on me, the champion. 
"YOU'RE CRAZY!" 
All you had to do was come to me and ask." 
"I never felt that way about you! 
Lee, you're fucking crazy!" 
"Now look at you. 
Hop cried, lying below him, his one free arm having reached up at some point to grab hold of Leon's shirt and he squeezed, his voice shaking when he finally spoke. 
"I never-Lee, I-I never wanted this." 
"Of course you did, Hop. 
You wanted me from the beginning, and you know it. 
Hop's tears fell, and his gaze shifted from Leon to the corner of the wall behind him, his lip quivering. 
"She never liked you, Hop. 
If she did, she wouldn't have rejected you, now would she?" 
"You can't...y-you can't possibly think I wanted this with you. 
"She didn't care enough about you. 
Remember how upset you were that night in the tent? 
She did that to you, Hop. 
She doesn't care about you at all." 
"And you do?" 
"Of course, I care about you, Hop. 
I love you." 
"I hate you. 
I hate you, Lee." 
"I-I hate you." 
"That's fine if you hate me, Hop. 
It's just another lie, but if you want to tell yourself that to make it all better for you, then go right ahead. 
Hop didn't mean it. 
Hop didn't mean it. 
He didn't mean it. 
He didn't mean those things. 
He was just hysterical-he was just embarrassed to admit that he loved Leon like he did. 
He was just saying these things to cover up his own shame. 
"Stop covering your face." 
"Hop, look at me." 
Numb. 
"You're going to see sooner or later I've been right all along. 
You'll see. 
Your girlfriend knew it, that's why she rejected you. 
Your mother knew it, that's why she kicked you out. 
You hate it? 
No fucking way you do." 
He just couldn't muster any joy to feel. 
He was just ashamed. 
Just in denial. 
He didn't hate Leon, he knew that. 
It was a spur of the moment thing for him to say, but Hop didn't mean it. 
"You did this. 
Hop never looked up at him. 
This is your fault." 
He had never wanted to do this to him, but Hop just continued to push. 
He just couldn't trust him anymore, not after all this. 
Leon had no choice. 
"Of course, it fucking hurts," Nate snapped, "I got shot, Carmina. 
"Sorry," Carmina apologised. 
He knew what birthdays were, he just also knew his uncle disapproved of him slacking off and the desire to please his only family was so great that rejecting some arbitrary day of the year seemed a reasonable price. 
His uncle declared them minor injuries and Hunter was ordered to pick himself up and carry on with the training exercise, which he did without question. 
Typically, his uncle waited for the door to be fully closed before lashing out. 
Only when he got back to his room did he release the pained groan he had wanted to let out for hours and curse himself for his own incompetence. 
"I've had a hard day of work again what do you expect cunt?" 
"You're being super fucking quiet, any reason?" 
"You're meant to fucking respect me in this house, okay?" 
The man was frozen but at the same time quivering as in a cold storm. 
A creature which stole with his greedy fingers, betrayed with his uneven and lying mouth and abuse which travelled across his trapping beard. 
He'd rather be neglected than noticed by the Dursleys. 
Sure it started out fine, but with a cousin easily bored and an aunt and uncle who would do anything for their son, he was noticed. 
It wasn't like it was anything worse than it had in past years, just that Dudley is now developing a sense of muscle and Vernon and Petunia are becoming even crueler with age, so yeah, not really all that different. 
"Don't you dare speak to me that way, boy." 
