Leon was stronger, and Hop knew that, even throughout his struggles, he knew he didn't have the strength to pull away from Leon, but he was fighting him anyway. 
Leon's grip tightened, and he didn't care if he was digging his nails into Hop's arms, close to scratching his skin. 
Hop, in his attempts to get away, Hop was thrashing as though Leon were holding him underwater and he was drowning, but he could hear the way his voice was starting to crack, just the slightest bit of a crack, and the way he was fighting so hard against him, even the tiniest movements, Leon could feel were slacking. 
At that, Leon ignored the pain he was feeling entirely to reach up, one arm still wrapped around Hop, squeezing his chest when he did so, and slapped his palm over his mouth, muffling his words. 
With his arms wrapped around him, Hop couldn't thrash as much as he wanted, but Leon could feel him trying to kick at him again, using every ounce of his strength to try and break out of his hold, but he wasn't going to let him do that. 
Hop floundered to it, not able to recover before Leon was on him, pressing him against it with his body frame alone. 
Reaching over, he nabbed both of his wrists, and slammed them down onto the mattress near his head where Hop couldn't push at him. 
He pressed down on his legs with his own, knowing he would try to kick him, but he wasted no more time, gave no more patience or sympathy for him when he bent over and kissed him. 
For a split moment, Leon thought he might actually kiss back, but the splitting pain on his bottom lip when Hop bit him became apparent soon enough. 
Leon reared back, yelping as blood dribbled down his chin, and he glared down at Hop who continued to struggle under him, though there wasn't much he could do with the way Leon had him held down. 
He was too focused on holding him down to care about the pain in his body, and it didn't matter how much Hop hit him, kicked him, bit into his flesh, he wasn't going to budge. 
Hop was still struggling to pull his legs out from under him, but having no luck with Leon loving -absolutely loving the uncomfortable grunts that Hop made as he only thrashed back and forth, trying to throw the other man off him. 
Leon looked up, smirked at him as he continued holding his arm down to keep him flattened to the bed, even throughout Hop's struggles, he couldn't push him off, and they both knew that. 
Leon could tell he was hurting him, but Hop had hurt him plenty enough. 
Leon shifted one hand to keep Hop pinned down by his chest, enjoying the way Hop shuddered at the feeling of him, but he didn't fight again like Leon had thought he might. 
Quiet at first, but it began to claw its way out until he was huffing, shifting his body below Leon in an effort he could feel was to remove himself away from Leon's body that he still had pressed against him. 
Leon swallowed, slowly tightening his grip around Hop's throat until he yelped down below him, obviously in pain, but Leon didn't care. 
The slaps, the hair pulling, the biting so hard he drew Hop's blood, all of that was so minuscule to those three words. 
Bending over, Leon kissed him, gaining another groaned sound from him, and he half-expected him to bite him again, but he didn't. 
Deny it all you want, but-" A particularly hard pull from Leon, one that made Hop grunt below him, but he continued. 
Carmina only hoped she could protect him from his father, the way she couldn't protect herself anymore. 
Then again, his uncle was clearly having a particularly awful day so it only made sense that Hunter was in the way. 
If his grip on his staff had not been essential to his effectiveness in combat, his uncle assured him he would have been left to sew it back on himself as punishment. 
Four cracked ribs and slashed palms caused by a rough landing after being pushed out of an airship and told not to die. 
That happened a lot if things weren't serious enough, or his uncle wanted to teach him a lesson about not showing weakness in front of others. 
His uncle actually patted his shoulder that time, which Hunter took to mean he was proud before he passed out. 
Asking why got you worse than a permanent nick in your ear that ached when the weather got damp. 
