The night is empty in Privet Drive, England. Not even the summer breeze dares to rustle the leaves on perfectly groomed trees and perfectly cut bushes. No birds chirp and no crickets sing, even the creatures of the night stay silent as they hide. 

For the summer breeze turns cold.

And the night is kissed by death.

Harry Potter is known for being the boy who lived, escaping death when no one else managed to be able to. Voldemort, he who must not be named, the Dark Lord, death. And he managed to escape as an infant. A streak of luck some could say. Some could say he used all his luck in that very moment. For if there is ever going to be another title bestowed upon the boy it would be: Harry Potter, the boy with the worst luck in the Wizarding World. 

Because if that weren't the case then he wouldn't currently be fighting for his continuation at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. 

And by a strobe of luck that wasn't his own, borrowed shortly for a time, he manages to earn his place back in his home. 

But that is only part of the story, in order for everything to fall into place, one has to start at the beginning. 

The summer after Cedric's death was arguably the worst Harry's experienced yet. It started out calm, quiet, a normality he was used to. He'd rather be neglected than noticed by the Dursleys. Being noticed means being hurt.  

Sure it started out fine, but with a cousin easily bored and an aunt and uncle who would do anything for their son, he was noticed. 

And he'd rather anything than be noticed. 

It wasn't like it was anything worse than it had in past years, just that Dudley is now developing a sense of muscle and Vernon and Petunia are becoming even crueler with age, so yeah, not really all that different. 

He sucks in a breath as he nurses the split skin on his chin, careful not to press too hard on the Dudley fist sized bruise surrounding it. 

Not different at all. 

Callused fingers trail across the injured skin, he squints into the small handheld mirror Hermione had bought for him as a joke a year back as a "congratulations for figuring out the Egg idiot, maybe now you can see how stupid you are for entering the Competion" gift. He frowns at the hollow shape his cheeks are beginning to form and slips his glasses back on. He flops backwards onto his pillow, turning to glare at Hedwig's empty cage.

Said absent owl currently stretching her wings above the many homes of England. 

He sighs, resting his arm over his eyes, blocking out the blinding light of the mid-morning sun. This is the time of day where Harry feels like he's floating, he's not needed, he just exists. He likes the feeling of being allowed to just exist. He's already made breakfast and he finished dusting everything the day prior, he'll need to vacuum after lunch, but lunch isn't until a few hours. 

So he lets himself exist.

A loud crash sounds in the room next to his. Dudley and his friends' boisterous laughter brings him back down to reality. 

"Harry!"

He wishes he didn't exist.

Taking a deep steadying breath he grumbles to himself, plopping his feet onto his bedroom floor and making his way to a waiting Uncle Vernon. 

Voice pinched he greets him. "Yes sir?"

"What have I told you about using magic in this home!" Vernon's face is red to the ears and Harry fights off a laugh at how stupid Vernon looks when he's angry.

"My wand is currently locked away in the cupboard, sir." His voice drips with sarcasm, a brief feeling of satisfaction pumps through him at Vernon's dumbfounded expression. It is, however, quickly slapped away by Vernon's large hand. 

Harry blinks, mouthing a small ‘ow' as Vernon shakes with anger. Vernon grabs onto the back of Harry's hair, forcing him to look at him.

"Don't you dare speak to me that way, boy."

Harry stares at him, expression unimpressed. "The crash came from Dudley's room, not mine."

Vernon's hot breath smells of grease as he leans in close. "Then clean it up."

Harry runs back up the stairs as soon as Vernon releases him, laughing to himself at how Vernon's thin hair shook in his rage. 

He briefly glances into his room to see if Hedwig had returned, frowning when he sees the still empty cage. He frowns even harder when he stops in front of Dudley's closed door. The sounds of the other boys inside churning his stomach ill. He places three quick raps on the door, rocking on his heel as he waits for it to open. 

"Who is it?" He hears one of the boys, the smaller one, ask.

"Probably my stupid cousin here to pick up your mess." 

"What is he your maid?" That one came from the taller, meaner one.

"Of course the queer's a maid, look at him, he probably gets off on it." The smaller one again, really now that he thinks about it, he should really learn their names. 

The door opens, revealing Dudley's ugly face. "What do you want?" It's harsh, but Harry merely brushes it off, peeking around his cousin to see the mess. A broken lamp. 

Harry sighs.

"To pick up your mess darling cousin." He mocks the way Petunia speaks, glaring at Dudley with the most blank expression imaginable. 

"Yeah darling." The smaller one mocks, laughing ugly as Dudley flicks him off, opening the door with a grumble and letting Harry in. 

"Shut the fuck up Aiden." Well, that's a dumb name, at least Harry knows it now. 

Aiden laughs, flicking off Dudley in retaliation. Harry maneuvers around them, crouching down in front of the broken lamp. 

Of fucking course it's glass.

He stands, grabbing a tissue off of Dudley's side table, spreading it out in his hand as he begins the pick of the shards of colorful glass. 

From the looks of it the lamp shards it must have been expensive, he grimaces as he places the overpriced trash into the tissue.

A heavy thunk clashes against the back of Harry's head, he barks a yelp of surprise and pain as the object collides into him. In the shock he accidentally slices his palm open with a shard. "Shit."

"Hurry up faggot. You're killing our vibe." Aiden gripes as the shoe he threw bounces onto the floor next to Harry.

Harry hisses, gripping his hand tight, dark blood pooling in his palm, staining the colorful glass red. He stands, rushing to grab another tissue so he doesn't stain the white carpet. 

The taller one yawns, unfazed by Harry's rush. "Do we even know that he's gay? I mean he doesn't look it."

"Jesus Malik, of course he is. He's practically moaning that bloke's Cedric's name every night." Dudley snorts a laugh. "Cedric , oh Cedric."

Harry freezes, brief moments of memories he wishes he'd forget flashing through his mind.

Cedric in the maze.

The cup.

Cedric dead.

Voldemort.

Cedric dead.

"Oh look! Seems like you've hit a nerve Duds." Harry's breathing picks up slightly, not even processing Aiden's cruel words. He rushes to finish cleaning, dumping the shards in the trash before trying to make his way out of the room.

"Oi! Queer! Don't you dare jerk off to me tonight you got it!?"

Harry flicks Aiden off as he shuts the door behind him. Turning into his own room, slamming his own door. His breathing quickens.

Cedric dead.

Cedric's dead body.

Cedric.

He sinks to the floor, holding pressure on his open wound, tears pooling in his eyes. 

Cedric's dead and Harry couldn't save him.

Cedric's dead and Harry isn't.

Chapter 2: The Muggle Woman
Notes:
Warnings for this chapter: torture, psychological abuse, cult aspects, murder

Stay safe everyone!!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
Draco Malfoy is a boy submerged in loneliness, always has been. From the moment he was born he was taken from the rest and raised to be the perfect son, the perfect Slytherin, the perfect Malfoy. All of which he isn't, all of which he's never been. Sure in front of his family he puts on the act they give him, playing his part without fail, but when he is without their influence he becomes something they would never let hold their name. 

Maybe in his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry he acted the way he was raised, but he soon learned just how wrong the things he was taught were. He became educated but careful, he refused to call people "Mudbloods" but he still couldn't be caught kind so he put on his ‘bully' act and that seemed to do the trick. He does hate it however, throat tightening every cruel word, tears prickling every cruel action. 

He hates it.

He hates this.

So if the price he pays for his unwanted actions is this then he is fine with it.

He'd rather be lonely than be the person he forces himself to be.

Playing with the feathers of his quill he watches the sun set, dinner is soon.

He dips the quill into his overpriced ink, made from the bones of some far away animal, he doesn't care where it came from as long as it writes well, which it doesn't.

He sighs in frustration, wiping the excess ink back into the bottle before it drips onto his letter.

In big loopy handwriting, very much different from his own neat style, he writes out words he'd get murdered for if his family ever found. Well, maybe not his mother.

He writes down words he has overheard, things he has seen, experiences one can only witness if what the Boy who Lived says is true. And they are.

He who must not be named has returned.

And he is in Draco's very own home.

The screams of the muggle woman below are enough to fortify his knowing.

For a brief moment he wonders if the Muffliato charm could work both ways. 

He flinches slightly as the woman sobs for help, only to be interrupted by another set of shrieks.

He dips the quill in ink again, trying hard to focus on what his father is asking the woman between each unforgivable. He blinks heavily in order to push away the tears pooling in his eyes. 

I'm trying. 

Hours later his mother comes to greet him. "Draco darling?" She knocks on his door, harsh body language going kind as she waits for her son. When he opens his door his face is red and eyes are puffy, Narcissia frowns, worry creasing her brow. 

She wants to check in on him, make sure he's ok, but she knows she can't, they are wanted. So instead she just whispers a small spell as he walks past, clearing his face from all signs of previous distress.

For there shall be no delays when you are called by the Dark Lord. 

She walks behind him, both their hands firmly grasped behind their backs, a behavior taught young. A sign of obedience. She watches as his carefully manicured hand taps nervously against his wrist, squinting slightly at left-over residue of scrubbed away ink. 

Narcissa Malfoy straightens, posture going rigid and face turning mean, empty. She watches her son's do the same. 

And together like mice they enter where the snakes lay in wait.

Draco takes his place next to his father with his head held high, knuckles white. 

His father and the rest of the Deatheaters are already lined, faces flushed with excitement as they wait for their Lord. The door creaks open and a long snake, with a terrifyingly human expression, makes its way into the room, slithering between people, wrinkling perfectly straightened robes, it wraps around Draco's ankles before returning to its master's waiting hand. Draco breathes, he hates that snake.

The Dark Lord smiles as he looks upon his followers, taking in their eager body language with interest. His gaze stops on Draco, Draco stills.

"He does not bear the mark Lucius." The Dark Lord speaks, not taking his eyes off the boy. 

"No my Lord, but he must begin to learn how to serve you for when he is needed." Draco looks at his father, bowing submissively, it's a strange sight to see, such a cruel man so willingly following another. 

The Dark Lord hums in thought, humoring the idea in his mind. "For when he is needed then." And he turns away, leading the rest into the room where the screams come loudest.

The Dark Lord takes his seat at the head of the table, long fingers intertwining as he watches the rest of them take their own seat. Draco goes to sit between his mother and father when the Dark Lord holds up a hand stopping him. "You're here to learn are you not?" Draco hesitantly nods, wanting nothing more than to leave. The Dark Lord smiles and gestures to the empty seat next to him. "Come sit with me, my child."

Draco makes brief eye contact with his mother, searching for reassurance in her cold gaze. Upon not finding any he swallows dryly, pushing his chair in as he makes his way to the front of the table, sitting down quietly, hands gripping the edges of his seat tightly.

Three of the Malfoy house elves make their way around the room, fearfully reaching around the Deatheaters in order to place plates and drinks. Draco prays that the Dark Lord didn't notice how he leaned back out of habit in order to make the elves' (a kind older elf called Kit) job easier, or how Kit's ears dropped slightly when Draco's usual thankful smile was not given. 

The Dark Lord, however, was watching, and he did notice. A small smile spread upon his snakelike face, Nagini curling up at his feet. Draco holds his breath as her weight presses against the side of his foot. 

The Dark Lord notices this as well.

Draco waits for the Dark Lord to begin to eat before he even dared touch his utensils, cutting the fish with careful precision, focusing all his nervous energy into the motion. The Dark Lord's smile grows larger as he watches.

Draco was barely three bites in before the Dark Lord raises his hand once more. Everyone stills, sounds of utensils being dropped the only in the room. Draco watches the Dark Lord's hand lower as he hesitantly finishes chewing.

"I do feel it is time for our promised entertainment, is it not Lucius?" 

Draco watches his father stand with a bow and leave, confusion coursing through his veins, when his father returns his heart stops dead. Behind his father floats the muggle woman from hours earlier. Her screams echo in his mind, he feels himself go pale. 

Hoots and hollers come from the adults around him, slurs being thrown about as the muggle woman comes to a stop and floats above the table.

She makes eye contact with Draco, confusion obvious as to why someone as young as him is here, his eyes jerk away sharply as tears drip from her own as she mouths a weak ‘help'. 

His finger taps against his seat in order to try and compose himself, he knows the Dark Lord is watching his reaction.

"Draco." The Dark Lord drawls, smiling cruelly at his frightened reaction. "You are here to learn?"

Draco swallows. "Yes my Lord."

"Then watch." Draco's throat tightens as the snakelike man pulls out a long wand, holding it lightly in his pale fingers. He points it at the muggle woman. "Do you know who this is my child?"

Draco and the woman make eye contact again, she only stares at him. "No my Lord." 

A hand rests on his shoulders. "Do you know what she is?"

"She's a filthy muggle." He forces as much disgust into his voice as possible, hating the way it sounds, hating the way the woman broke eye contact, hope leaving her face entirely. 

The hand shifts, tightening around the back of his neck, long sharp nails pinching into his skin.

"And what do we do with filthy muggles?" 

Draco's mouth dries as his eyes begin to water. "We kill them."

The Dark Lord hums happily, lifting his wand to point at the woman, upon seeing it she sobs, hopelessly begging for help. "Crucio." 

Her head tips backwards, a loud painful scream ripping itself from her throat, arms and legs shaking as she writhes in the air.

She shrieks and shrieks and shrieks, head twisting from side to side as she convulses. Spit and blood dribbles off the side of her face, splattering the table below. Draco watches it fall, heart in his throat and his stomach simultaneously, his face red with anger and fear. 

He wants to stop it, please stop, please stop. 

Stop! Please stop it!

The woman screams louder with the twist of the Dark Lord's hand, her chest rising as she struggles to breathe. 

Please!

Her eyes roll back into her head.

Stop! 

He chokes, twisting his head out of the Dark Lords hold, tears betray him as they stream down his face hot and heavy.

The woman's screaming stops.

Everything stops.

The snake at his feet coils tightly around his ankle.

Draco's stomach drops. Ever so slowly he looks back at the Dark Lord.

The Dark Lord is not looking at him back.

He follows his gaze to his father's blank face.

His father looks from the Dark Lord to Draco, standing with a bow, knuckles white, obviously containing his anger. Draco shrinks into his seat. 

"My Lord I-" his father begins, the Dark Lord holds up a hand silencing him.

"I believe that you said he is here to learn?" 

Draco's father's eyes bare into his own. "He is, My Lord."

Draco's hands scrunch into fists. 

"Then care to explain to me why he refuses too?"

"I'm afraid I do not know My Lord, but I assure you he will receive punishment for disobeying you."

The Dark Lord hums, long pale fingers tapping the table. "I do believe there is a way your son may redeem himself." 

A hand wraps around Draco's wrist, prying it upward. The Dark Lord twists Draco's arm to where Draco has to face him completely. "Do you have your wand my child?" 

Draco nods. "Yes, my Lord." His arm is let go and he pulls the wand from his coat pocket, fingers shaking slightly. 

Upon this the Dark Lord once again grabs onto Draco's wrist, only now angling it to point at the muggle woman. Upon seeing her Draco wonders if she's dead, the ever so slight rise and fall of her chest argue otherwise. The fingers around his wrist tighten, hot breath on his ear. 

The command is a hiss.

"Kill her." 

Draco's pulse rings in his ears, his head jerking to face the snake-like man next to him.

A malicious smile greets him. 

"What?" He manages, voice shaking. 

"I don't like repeating myself, my child." The Dark Lord yanks Draco's arm into a painful stance, wand pointed sharply at the muggle woman. "Kill her, now."

The tears Draco sheds grow fast now, no longer only pooling in his eyes, dripping down his face, off his chin. He trembles in the Dark Lord's hold.

"I-" he hiccups "I can't."

The Dark Lord's nails dig into his arm, blood pooling where they break his skin, he pulls out his own wand, digging it into the skin right above Draco's sternum, cutting off his breathing, turning it shallow.

Draco whimpers with fear.

The Dark Lord regards him, thoughts flickering behind his snake like eyes. He removes the wand and instead points it at the muggle woman, Draco follows the movement with his eyes.

He wishes he hadn't.

The muggle woman's eyes open.

The Dark Lord smiles. 

"Avada Kedavra."

And the woman falls limp.