It weighed on his mind to think how in denial Hop was about all this, but he wasn't going to give up on him. 
They may have had their spats, and Leon hated getting into arguments with him, but it was inevitable for everything to always be one hundred percent happy and fine all the time. 
From his end, all he got were sarcastic responses and denial, but Leon knew deep down maybe he was just ashamed of his true feelings. 
He wanted to think, at least he hoped to think, that Hop was just as in love with him as he was, but he was too embarrassed to admit it. 
Hop nodded, and Leon felt his blood boil as he stood there and watched him smile at Raihan. 
It was one of those small, shy smiles, but it was a fucking smile all the same, and he gritted his teeth. 
There was no way he hadn't done that on purpose. 
"Just what the hell was that all about, huh?" 
"You know damn well what I mean, Hop." 
before placing it on the counter next to him, never once breaking his gaze away from him. 
"What's your problem?!" 
You didn't bother coming out of your room all day until Raihan showed up. 
You like him, don't you?" 
"Yes, you did, I stood right over there and watched you!" 
"I'm not done talking to you, Hop!" 
You're fucking insane and I'm not going to stand here and argue with you over who I'm allowed to smile at!" 
He didn't fucking care right now. 
"You know he likes you." 
Hop froze, Leon feeling it when he seized up in his hold, his eyes widening before he broke his gaze away, cheeks gushing red. 
"Yeah, I keep forgetting you know everything, Hop." 
"But, that night he was here drinking, he told me. 
It wasn't a lie to leave out the part he also wanted Leon in on the fun, but he didn't feel the need to include that. 
It sickened him to be saying things like this to Hop, but his rationale was shot, and he knew deep down he was only saying things like this to scare him. 
But, he didn't care. 
Let Hop be scared. 
Let him think everything Leon did was horrible and that life was just so bad for him right now. 
But, the reaction was immediate. 
"You never do. 
You didn't believe me about your little girlfriend and you didn't believe me about your Mum either." 
Let him get scared. 
He deserved it. 
"And look what happened with them, Hop. 
Mum kicked you out, your dumb little girlfriend rejected you. 
Now you won't believe me when I tell you Raihan wants to fuck you? 
And you still have the nerve to smile at him like you do?" 
He smirked, enjoying way too much how Hop's expression only continued to fall, until he wasn't moving at all, but frozen in shock. 
Hop sucked in a breath through his teeth, and Leon could see it on his expression. 
Hop's voice was riddled with hysteria, and Leon could hear him cracking as he struggled to say what he had to say. 
"I-I don't want any of that! 
"Then why are you flirting with him?" 
What part of smiling at someone has anything to do with flirting with them?!" 
"Why don't you tell me? 
I'd love to hear your excuse, or rather, your lies." 
It's fucking creepy that you want to touch me the way you do!" 
"I'm not getting into this argument with you again, Hop. 
"Where the hell do you think you're going?!" 
"Shut up! 
Hop, nobody cares! 
YOU'RE SICK, A FUCKING PSYCHO!" 
"Hop, I'm not fucking playing around with you. 
"You're a fucking psycho, Lee!" 
"Stop calling me that!" 
"You're insane! 
You can't seriously stand there and tell me everything you're doing isn't creepy as fuck! 
Let me go, I wanna go home! 
Let him fight. 
Let Hop deny this all he wanted. 
Let him sit there and scream and throw a tantrum like this, try to run out on him. 
You love this, and you know that you do." 
And the truth is, you've always been enamored with me, right?" 
"You probably laid awake thinking of me, didn't you?" 
"Liar. 
You would always get so excited to see me when I came to town, like you couldn't contain yourself when I came to visit, like it was the happiest time of your life. 
"I never felt that way about you! 
Lee, you're fucking crazy!" 
"I never-Lee, I-I never wanted this." 
"Of course you did, Hop. 
You wanted me from the beginning, and you know it. 
Hop's tears fell, and his gaze shifted from Leon to the corner of the wall behind him, his lip quivering. 
If she did, she wouldn't have rejected you, now would she?" 
"You can't...y-you can't possibly think I wanted this with you. 
"She didn't care enough about you. 
Remember how upset you were that night in the tent? 
She did that to you, Hop. 
She doesn't care about you at all." 
"Of course, I care about you, Hop. 
"That's fine if you hate me, Hop. 
It's just another lie, but if you want to tell yourself that to make it all better for you, then go right ahead. 
Hop didn't mean it. 
He didn't mean those things. 
He was just hysterical-he was just embarrassed to admit that he loved Leon like he did. 
He was just saying these things to cover up his own shame. 
"Hop, look at me." 
"You're going to see sooner or later I've been right all along. 
Your girlfriend knew it, that's why she rejected you. 
Your mother knew it, that's why she kicked you out. 
No fucking way you do." 
He didn't hate Leon, he knew that. 
It was a spur of the moment thing for him to say, but Hop didn't mean it. 
This is your fault." 
He had never wanted to do this to him, but Hop just continued to push. 
He knew what birthdays were, he just also knew his uncle disapproved of him slacking off and the desire to please his only family was so great that rejecting some arbitrary day of the year seemed a reasonable price. 
His uncle declared them minor injuries and Hunter was ordered to pick himself up and carry on with the training exercise, which he did without question. 
Typically, his uncle waited for the door to be fully closed before lashing out. 
Only when he got back to his room did he release the pained groan he had wanted to let out for hours and curse himself for his own incompetence. 
"I've had a hard day of work again what do you expect cunt?" 
"You're being super fucking quiet, any reason?" 
"You're meant to fucking respect me in this house, okay?" 
The man was frozen but at the same time quivering as in a cold storm. 
He'd rather be neglected than noticed by the Dursleys. 
It wasn't like it was anything worse than it had in past years, just that Dudley is now developing a sense of muscle and Vernon and Petunia are becoming even crueler with age, so yeah, not really all that different. 
"Don't you dare speak to me that way, boy." 
“Oh, Eddie, you’ve really done it this time.
”I can’t leave you alone, I’m you.”
“Sam, please don’t.
He wanted it to stop but he didn’t know how.
I have to make you see that.”
He really didn’t see this heading in his favor but if he could get the younger man to care for him.
It was the first time in days that Alan had any sort of human contact and it felt nice.
At this point, what did he have to lose?
“Alan, my love, I want you to look at me.
”I’m…I’m scared.”
Like he thought of before…if he got Sam to care for him, then maybe he will listen.And the scream Hop made caused his stomach to lurch.
He knew it wasn’t.
He kept his depraved fantasies to himself.
Everything Raihan had done, he had done for Hop.
STOP, IT HURTS!”
Hop’s screams, the high-pitched, uncharacteristic, icy scream that he made caught Raihan off guard.
He expected him to yell in pain when he did this.
He had done this on purpose for this exact reason.
He never did anything to intentionally hurt Hop, until now that is, because Hop deserved it.
Even if Hop deserved it, Raihan couldn’t stand doing this to him.
Not even his anger could excuse this, and he knew then he couldn’t follow through and continue to torture Hop this way.
He tried to ignore Hop’s sniffles as he carried him bridal style down the hall, until he opened the door to his bedroom, shutting it behind them.
“You don’t deserve this.
Do you get it now?
Do you fucking get it?
Raihan looked over at him, wishing these circumstances were completely different, wishing that Hop was here with him willingly, that he had asked him out from the start, and the two of them were happily dating, that Hop was happy.
He wished he was happy, but he knew that would never happen.
He thought maybe the kid would learn to love being here, and maybe even learn to love him in turn one day.
Normal people didn’t act like that.
He never wanted to hurt Hop, he never wanted anything bad like that to happen—but he had done it.
It doesn’t matter what you say, because you still did it, Raihan.’
“Don’t ever leave me again, Hop.
I’ll always find you.”
All he wanted to do was show Hop what he chose not to do to him out of love, but it backfired.
It was inevitable, whatever had happened, Raihan knew he would have always taken Hop back one way or another.
Hop could run away time and time again, he could get away from him as many times as he wanted, but Raihan would be there to bring him right back.
Raihan wasn’t ever letting Hop go.
He was sure the kid hated him now, but Raihan didn’t even know if he cared anymore, because Hop had every right to hate him.
It didn’t make any sense, because if Hop were truly terrified or scared of Raihan, he would have done everything in his power to make sure Raihan got caught.
“Hop—t-tell me that you love me.”
“I...love you…” It was almost painful how obvious he didn’t mean it, but Raihan didn’t care.
At least he wasn’t crying.
If there was no happiness there, Raihan didn’t care so long as there wasn’t pain either.
“And—and tell me you won’t ever leave me.”
“Say you wanna be with me.”
“Say you want to be with me forever.”
“Say you love me more than anything, Hop.”
His stare trailed back to the wall, but he nodded.
Not after he’d hurt Hop the way he had.
There was supposed to be a punishment in store for Hop, he had planned from the start to take his things away from him as though Hop were a spoiled, rotten child, but what Raihan had done to him last night trounced any of that by a long shot.
That wasn’t a just punishment, it wasn’t even a punishment.
There was absolutely no excuse for doing that to the poor kid, no matter how angry he’d been.
No amount of apologizing would be enough to make it up to him, Raihan knew.
You couldn’t just say sorry and move on from something like that, because he had intended to hurt him on purpose, and he fucking got what he wanted, didn’t he?
Raihan knew exactly what he was doing.
He knew, and he still did it.
If Hop never loved him, he wouldn’t like it, but he could deal with it.
No apology existed for what Raihan had done.
None of that was Hop’s fault.
It was never Hop’s fault.
He let his emotions control him enough to hurt Hop, the only person he had ever loved in his life.
He had done the one thing he always said he would never do.
He had wanted Hop to scream, he had wanted to feel satisfaction in hurting someone who had hurt him first.
Raihan never dreamed he would turn that anger on Hop, no matter what the kid did, he always thought nothing, absolutely nothing would make him snap like that, but last night proved that had always been just words, and only words Raihan told himself, probably to save his own sanity.
Whatever Hop chose to say to him, he almost didn’t want to hear it, though he knew Hop tended to recede into himself, and had no doubt that he would simply refuse to speak in the first place.
It was one-sided from the start, and although he’d made peace with that, it still hurt to think Hop would never feel the same.
He could tell Hop was sore, if his stiffened muscles were any indication, but when Raihan stripped him completely naked, setting him down in the tub, Hop visibly flinched, and it killed Raihan to know he was responsible for this.
Hop didn’t resist at all.
Hop deserved so much better than having to deal with this.
He didn’t protest, didn’t groan in discomfort, he didn’t do much of anything while Raihan dried him, ruffling his wet hair in the towel afterward before turning it on himself.
Hop stood there the entire time Raihan dried himself, never moving, never complaining, never raising his face to even look at Raihan in suspicion which is what he had grown so used to.
Hop didn’t push away, he didn’t protest, he simply allowed it to happen, and Raihan drank it up.
That wasn’t how you treated people you loved.
That wasn’t how Hop deserved to be treated at fucking all.
“Please...don’t ever...ever do that again.
Hop had no more energy left for any arguments that could have resulted from this entire mess, he probably wouldn’t have fought Raihan if he woke up and decided to go at him a second time.
Raihan knew, just by that look in his eyes alone, that Hop was terrified as fuck, that Hop knew the lengths Raihan could be brought to if he was angry enough, and that not even Hop was spared from his temper.
Maybe in Hop’s eyes, it meant Raihan lied about not just that, but everything.
Why should Hop trust anything Raihan said to him when he so cruelly took everything away from him in one fell swoop?
P-please, Raihan… I’m sorry.
I’m so sorry.”
“ I’m sorry.
No apology would fix this.
Raihan was at fault for every single bad thing that had happened to Hop ever since first bringing him here.
There was no point if he didn’t keep Hop here with him, even if Hop was miserable, Raihan would just work until he wasn’t miserable.
He would make it better.
There was no fixing what he’d done.
Raihan wasn’t ever planning to let him go, not ever.
It didn’t matter what happened, how bad things got, even if Hop managed to escape from him a hundred times, Raihan refused to let go of the only thing that ever gave him happiness.
He refused to give up Hop to anyone.
I-I’m so sorry.
I-I’ll do whatever you want me to do.
Please— p-please , I-I love you.
Hop didn’t mean these things, and it was so obvious that he didn’t.
He was only saying it for Raihan’s sake, and somehow, that hurt even more knowing it wasn’t genuine, knowing he was grasping at straws in the only way that he knew how.
“I-I promise you, I-I swear to you, baby, I won’t ever— ever —do that to you again.”
He deserved for this kid, this person, to never love him the way Raihan wished he would.
You don’t have to say it back to me just because you’re scared.”
I promise you, kid, I won’t do nothing bad to you.
“It’s going to be alright, kid.
I know it’s scary to you now, but give it time, and you’ll understand that this isn’t something bad.
If he didn’t do this soon, he might wind up being rough with him, and that was the last thing Raihan wanted to do.
“Open the door.”
Raihan was already grinning, waiting for the moment he would tease him for giving in, or something about how he was probably excited now that Raihan had done a good job of talking it up—but he was thrown off guard, the grin melting off his face in an instant when he noticed Hop’s bloodshot eyes.
Had...he been crying this entire time?
Hop didn’t even attempt to bat his hand away, but merely turned his eyes south to stare down at the floor.
“I’m...I’m scared…” 
“There’s nothing to be scared of, baby.”
“I’m going to take good care of you, I promise.”
It was then that Hop finally reared his head up, eyes bearing right into Raihan’s with a pleading expression, as though begging him with his eyes alone.
“What’s so bad about it?
But—if the kid left him with no choice, Raihan wasn’t above getting a little rough with him.
No, he’d never hurt the poor kid, but he might give him something to calm him down.
“I’m uncomfortable...I’ve never done anything like this with anyone.”
I told you time and time again I wasn’t interested in hurting you.
I’m not going to dispose of you—I’m not going to do anything like that.”
Now I wanna be gentle with you and take my time, I really do.”
I could always tie you up, tape your mouth shut, and kid—” Leaning down, Raihan squatted to the floor until he was face level with him, until Hop had nowhere else to look but Raihan’s eyes.
You want me to fuck you up?
I can fuck you up real good.
I could do anything to you and you’d never know it.”
If he knew one thing, then it was that Hop was easy to scare and coerce into something.
While it wasn’t his favorite thing in the world to do, it was necessary if he wanted some cooperation from the kid.
Raihan really did want to teach him this wasn’t scary, but sometimes it wasn’t enough to be nice to him.
It was a little fun scaring him, Raihan couldn’t lie.
He’d never act on half the shit he said, but something about the way Hop sucked in shaky breaths, his beautiful eyes wide with fear, the way he looked so small and helpless—
As though too afraid to speak, Hop’s lip quivered before he finally, after a long bout of uncomfortable silence between the two, spoke.
“I-I don’t want that.”
Raihan knew he’d scared him to death, and he hated it for the kid, he really did, but he let out a long, drawn out sigh.
“Hop, if you’ll just listen to me and let me do what I have to, I won’t do any of those things.”
He merely flinched, but froze soon after.
Don’t be scared.
