Raihan was supposed to show him it was a good thing.
“Okay, that’s good.
Now it was Leon's turn to lean against the doorframe as he eyed his friend. 
"So, what'd you need? 
"Something like that." 
Raihan fished around in the front pocket of his hoodie before producing a wad of money. 
"Uh, I know it's late, but I wanted to pay you back. 
Leon stared at the money in his friend's hands. 
"Not that I don't appreciate it, but what for?" 
Yet another shrug. 
I know we joke around about it, but it's been kinda eating at me too. 
"Wanted to apologize for last weekend." 
"Look, champ, I know we joke a lot and I know we fool around and stuff, but I don't want you to think I'd try stealing Hop away or anything. 
Whatever is going on between the two of you, it's none of my business. 
I know I said some stuff when I was hammered, but you know I get stupid when I've had one too many." 
Raihan rolled his head back before letting out a loud sigh. 
"It's..." Fine? 
That's what Leon was supposed to say, but he was a little surprised to hear his friend unload these apologies onto him like this. 
"Don't worry about it. 
Keep your money. 
I know I give you a hard time, but I don't mind buying you a meal every once in awhile." 
Letting out a sigh through his nose, Raihan pocketed the money before leaning back to pop his shoulders and back. 
Guess I'm obligated to treat you next time." 
"I'll hold you to it. 
And make sure I pick the most expensive meal on the menu." 
Leon couldn't help but burst out a small laugh at that. 
Still, there were times he wished Hop would try, just try a little bit harder. 
The sound of the small voice from up the hall made Leon start, and he was snapped from his thoughts, both he and Raihan whipping their heads up and around to see Hop standing in the hallway, peeking around the corner at them. 
Leon opened his mouth to call to him, but Raihan beat him to it. 
"Hop! 
How ya feeling?" 
"That's good! 
Champ been taking good care of you?" 
"I guess." 
"Well, I'm sure he's doing his best, right?" 
Leon nodded, still in shock over the fact Hop smiled at Raihan like that, and his brain was refusing to function long enough to think of a coherent sentence. 
"Alright, I'd better hit the road then. 
Just wanted to drop by for a second." 
Again, Raihan gave Leon a clap on the shoulder, a much softer, friendly clap, one that didn't make Leon almost trip, before giving Hop a wave as well. 
"Talk to you you later, champ." 
Leon tried to come back to life enough to converse with him, he really did, but he just couldn't. 
"What, I'm hungry." 
All Leon was given from Hop was a small, barely even considered a glance before he was digging into the cookies to snack. 
He's your friend." 
He laughed, mostly to himself. 
I loved being with her." 
It was Gloria. 
I liked Gloria, Lee." 
So, all he did was give him a smile. 
Even in this state, Leon let out a laugh through his nose, though it didn't hold as much joy as he would have liked. 
"See this?" 
Her lungs practically burned with her first real breath of fresh air in so long. 
She was so cold, and her limbs were so stiff, but somehow - somehow - she found it in her to move her body. 
She propped one leg up and grabbed ahold of the pod behind herself, using it as leverage as she hauled herself up. 
When she was finally on her feet, she settled her eyes on something across from her. 
He was alive. 
Her brain felt so fried after spending God-knows how long in the pod, but all of a sudden she was hit with a memory. 
Carmina took an unsteady step forward, a little closer to his pod, then stopped. 
She loved him so much and she couldn't just leave him there. 
The door released with a hiss of smoke and opened up to set her husband free. 
Carmina sighed quietly and hurried to follow him, falling easily into step just over his shoulder as she was prone to do. 
Nate muttered. 
"Did they shut down the pods?" 
Nate peered in through the glass of one of the other pods, one Carmina had last seen a neighbour stepping into. 
"Must've done," Nate continued to himself, then turned to her. 
Carmina nodded and followed his lead again. 
What was going on? 
Once he was satisfied, they continued onwards towards the Vault entrance with Nate taking out any of the strange, giant cockroaches on the way. 
Carmina shook her head sadly at the poor Vault dweller who'd met their end in the Vault, potentially to the people who'd taken Shaun and shot Nate, but Nate merely reached down and took the device from the skeleton, removing its hand in the process. 
It clattered loudly to the floor, all the while Nate merely wrapped the PipBoy around his wrist and tightened it. 
Carmina watched over his shoulder as he wiped some dust off of the screen and turned it on via a button to the side. 
Then, he withdrew a wire and connected it to a port on the control panel. 
The thick plastic covering the red Vault door button lifted up and Nate nodded at Carmina with a small smile. 
Mirroring his expression, she reached forward and slammed her fist on the big, red button. 
Immediately, the Vault whirred to life and the massive cog door began to turn. 
The couple watched it with relief and anxiety at the world that would await them outside. 
Nate took Carmina's hand and she wrapped her free palm around his bicep. 
They walked together onto the platform leading to the exit and waited patiently for it to take them to the stairs. 
Once they were there, they descended the stairs together and then stepped onto the elevator. 
To her surprise, he didn't pull away or scold her. 
Carmina smiled and allowed him to lead the way. 
That was unusual. 
The other Emperor's Coven recruits in their identity-smothering masks were all twelve so he assumed he must be too. 
He met a snow beast halfway with far too many teeth. 
He had long since learned that if you pretended everything was fine with enough confidence, everyone around you tended to believe it too and left you alone. 
Hunter let him get as far as the hallway before saying thank you and letting Flapjack nudge it closed. 
They were square. 
He put on the borrowed clothing, spent a few moments centring himself by stroking Flapjack's soft chest feathers, then went downstairs to where Gus was making food in the kitchen and pretending everything was fine. 
