It was amazing how Raihan had the power to put him in a better mood like this, when usually Hop was the one doing that, but after their fight that morning, he had done nothing but stew in his bad mood all day, avoiding Hop to leave him in peace, and go about his own business. 
He hadn't moved the entire time, only sat on his bed, breathing heavy, but slow. 
All he did was breathe and continue to cry quietly. 
But there he was, scowling at her through the glass and slamming his palms on the door, shouting inaudibly at her. 
He'd been shot dead in the torso, and yet here he was, still with the energy to shout at her though she could hardly hear him. 
There weren't many moments when she wasn't hovering just over his shoulder, waiting for him to tell her what to do or what to say. 
The hope of finding their son was dwindling further and further every second they remained in this desolate wasteland, but with Nate looking at her like that, she didn't dare say anything else. 
He stood inside the doorway, brows pulled down in a judgmental frown, and Hunter couldn't help but feel he had failed some unspoken test for him as well as Belos. 
Now, hush.
Even hearing Hop say his name in such a tone of voice wasn’t enough for Raihan to stop.
Raihan had been too lenient with him, but not anymore.
The kid continued to sob beneath him, his voice so breathless that he could no longer even speak to beg Raihan to stop, he only hyperventilated, sucking in air and moaning, and Raihan’s heart ached.
Raihan really was a monster.
How could Raihan do such a cruel thing to the person he claimed to love?
Hop said nothing, though Raihan didn’t expect an answer.
But tonight only proved how fucking insane Raihan was, he knew.
If there was no Hop, then Raihan was empty.
If there was no happiness there, Raihan didn’t care so long as there wasn’t pain either.
Only for a moment did Raihan see a flash of fear in Hop’s eyes, before they dulled once again.
Raihan fumbled, panicking for what he should say, because the second he caught Hop’s eye, the kid’s glazed stare landed right on him, and that stare alone felt like a spotlight had landed on Raihan.
He didn’t protest, didn’t groan in discomfort, he didn’t do much of anything while Raihan dried him, ruffling his wet hair in the towel afterward before turning it on himself.
Hop stood there the entire time Raihan dried himself, never moving, never complaining, never raising his face to even look at Raihan in suspicion which is what he had grown so used to.
Much like Raihan, Hop seemed aimless in every action that he did, even if it was simply pulling the covers back to climb into bed, he did so with hesitance as though Raihan might snap at him in anger for some reason if he attempted to do anything Raihan didn’t approve of.
Of course, after last night, Raihan couldn’t blame him for being scared, or unsure of what to do.
Not once did he look up at Raihan during that whole time, and he didn’t seem very interested in his pancakes anymore, despite telling Raihan he’d been hungry earlier.
Everything Raihan had said, or done, or promised—was all a fucking lie.
Raihan hadn’t heard a peep out of him since, but seeing this now, Hop unable to hide how swollen his eyes were, and Raihan felt his chest tighten at the sight alone.
When he spoke, his voice was hoarse, as though he’d spent hours screaming.
Until he was screaming for Raihan.
His tone shifted, voice growing low as Raihan turned serious.
He didn’t dare talk back to Raihan.
If he was honest, Raihan was only partially truthful with all this talk.
