That’s gonna hurt, Edward thought to himself through the already searing pain across his body as his assailants coiled their fists in preparation for another hit.
Could I kiss you again?”
I will unplug the machine only if you kiss me again.”
Another kiss.
I don’t want you trying to act all tough if it’s hurting.”
He promised Hop he would never hurt him.
At that, Hop pushed past him, huffing as he no doubt planned to head back to his room, but Leon caught his arm, pulling him back. 
"Let go of me! 
When Hop made to pull away from him again, Leon reached back over to grip him by his t-shirt, pulling him back until he had him gripped by both arms this time. 
If Hop wanted to fight so bad, then Leon would oblige him all he wanted. 
Dammit, Lee, let go of me!" 
Hop pulled at him again, but Leon only dug his nails into his arms yet again, causing Hop to yelp when he pressed him too hard. 
Hop scrambled in his hold, thrashing, kicking, pushing at him until Leon had to struggle to keep his grip on him so he wouldn't drop him. 
"LET ME GO! 
His voice had climbed to a shrill screech, and it sent shivers down Leon's spine to hear him make such a noise of horror, but he didn't dare waver his grip on him, only continuing to hold him the way he was, hoping he would tucker himself out eventually and stop thrashing so much. 
He went to reach for the front door again, but Leon grabbed the back of his shirt, yanking him away back to his arms. 
Only this time, before Hop could scramble away from him again, Leon only gripped him by the arm, spinning him around to face him, before he pushed him as hard as he could against the wall. 
His voice was shot, Hop not looking up at him as he pushed against his chest, trying to get him off, but Leon didn't budge. 
Even as Hop screamed at him, his voice breaking and cracking from still not being fully recovered from his sickness, but still, he pushed and thrashed, trying to get Leon off him. 
A final push, and Leon never budged as Hop struggled. 
Without even waiting for him to finish, Leon leaned down and pressed his mouth to his neck, earning a sharp gasp from Hop when he did so, when he could feel him try and pull away again to no avail. 
With his free arm, Hop reached up, slapping him straight across the face, but Leon only flinched for a moment, not allowing Hop to move a single inch. 
Leon felt empty, Hop's words made him feel hollow, and he held no remorse when he reached over to pry Hop's arm off his face, revealing his eyes that were still slammed shut. 
Leon took his arm, folding it back down onto the bed so that he held onto both of his wrists in one hand, the other still at his neck. 
Hop cringed under him, gritting his teeth as Leon held his neck tightly, but Leon didn't care. 
And you..." He leaned down to give him a chaste kiss to the mouth. 
The healer in the castle Infirmary snapped at his trainer that no child of four should be put through rigmarole like that. 
He supposed the injuries were so minor that no healer would be called and he would be expected to let his body heal naturally this time. 
Being noticed means being hurt. 
