“Oh, Eddie, you’ve really done it this time.”
Edward let out a sob, “Please, leave me alone.”
As much as he wanted to stay, he knew he had to leave.
He wouldn’t be safe until he was back home, and besides, he didn’t want to burden Oswald and be indebted to him yet again.
Sam placed a hand on either side of Alan’s head and leaned into his personal space.
Alan was too afraid to move or speak.
“Sam, please don’t.
He wanted it to stop but he didn’t know how.
It caused Alan to flinch away from the touch.
How can it work if you’re afraid of my touch?”
“Sam, please,” Alan pleaded.
I will unplug the machine only if you kiss me again.”
It was almost blackmail.
However, it wasn’t like Alan was in a situation to say no.
The younger man was much strong than him and Sam could dominate him if he so wish too.
“Alan, my love, I want you to look at me.”
Like he thought of before…if he got Sam to care for him, then maybe he will listen.
Even hearing Hop say his name in such a tone of voice wasn’t enough for Raihan to stop.
He wanted Hop to experience the pain that he so graciously held back on giving him all the time, because he knew Hop couldn't handle it.
He expected him to yell in pain when he did this.
Although he couldn’t see his face, he could tell that Hop was sobbing.
The cries were clawing their way out of his throat as though he were dying, and Raihan had never before heard Hop make such pitiful sounds before, sounds of absolute agony.
He had done this on purpose for this exact reason.
He wanted it to hurt.
He wanted to show Hop the things Raihan held back on because he loved him.
He never did anything to intentionally hurt Hop, until now that is, because Hop deserved it.
He didn’t understand the lengths Raihan went through to prevent Hop from experiencing pain like this, he didn’t appreciate the efforts Raihan took to make sure he was comfortable.
The kid continued to sob beneath him, his voice so breathless that he could no longer even speak to beg Raihan to stop, he only hyperventilated, sucking in air and moaning, and Raihan’s heart ached.
Even if Hop deserved it, Raihan couldn’t stand doing this to him.
He had let his anger take over to the point he stooped to such a low as to hurt the person he loved, just because he had hurt him first.
Pulling his shirt back down over his chest while he lifted him off the ground and into his arms, Raihan was met with Hop’s tear-streaked face, his eyes bloodshot from crying so hard, and he was still gasping as though out of breath and struggling to suck in any air he could get.
He tried to ignore Hop’s sniffles as he carried him bridal style down the hall, until he opened the door to his bedroom, shutting it behind them.
“You don’t deserve this.
I could have done that to you from the beginning, Hop, but I always make it good for you.
Do you fucking get it?
He thought maybe the kid would learn to love being here, and maybe even learn to love him in turn one day.
He never wanted to hurt Hop, he never wanted anything bad like that to happen—but he had done it.
“Don’t ever leave me again, Hop.
I’ll come after you again and again, no matter how many times you run away, how far away you run, I’ll find you and bring you back.
I’ll always find you.”
All he wanted to do was show Hop what he chose not to do to him out of love, but it backfired.
Raihan knew now more than ever, no matter how many times Hop ran away, even if people came and separated them, locked him up in a cell somewhere, even if Leon hunted him down and tried to kill him, Raihan would rather die than be without Hop.
He would search for him until he’d traveled to the ends of the earth.
Hop could run away time and time again, he could get away from him as many times as he wanted, but Raihan would be there to bring him right back.
Raihan wasn’t ever letting Hop go.
He would keep this kid with him until the day they both met their maker, because he loved him so much.
Raihan had never loved anyone like he loved Hop.
If there was no Hop, then Raihan was empty.
There was no point in living if he didn’t have Hop to share his life with.
He wouldn’t hurt him like he had tonight ever again.
He would never, ever cause Hop to scream like he had down in the entryway again for as long as he lived.
His eyes were still bloodshot from crying, his wrists were still bound, but Raihan could take the time later to untie him.
He didn’t think Hop would fight him anymore, but he was more worried about making him come than to worry about taking the belt off.
He still loved him more than anything, even if Hop had caused him pain, Raihan loved him.
He didn’t even know if Hop was crying or not.
It was silent in the room, save for their soft breathing, and now that Raihan was aware of his surroundings, not just Hop directly in front of him, but he saw the first light of the morning from his window, the dreary clouds that were a sure sign of rain making it appear much darker than it actually was, the entire ordeal having taken them all night to get through, but now it was morning.
And—more out of the need for his own sanity’s sake than Hop’s—Raihan just wanted to hear his voice once more, even if he had to force Hop to say these things that he didn’t mean.
“Hop—t-tell me that you love me.”
Raihan had to beg Hop to say the words he so desperately wanted to hear, knowing they weren’t genuine, knowing Hop didn’t mean it, but simply hearing him say them in the first place was enough for Raihan.
He knew the rules.
“I...love you…” It was almost painful how obvious he didn’t mean it, but Raihan didn’t care.
At least he wasn’t crying.
“And—and tell me you won’t ever leave me.”
“I won’t...leave you...I won’t…” 

“Say you wanna be with me.”
“I want t-to...to be with you.”
“Say you want to be with me forever.”
If Hop never loved him, he wouldn’t like it, but he could deal with it.
As much as he tried to convince himself he could make it better, Raihan knew that wasn’t possible.
Whatever Hop chose to say to him, he almost didn’t want to hear it, though he knew Hop tended to recede into himself, and had no doubt that he would simply refuse to speak in the first place.
He had been afraid of upsetting Hop from the moment he opened his eyes that day, fearful that he would cry again, or be in so much pain that he could no longer walk, and he even expected their usual arguments to break out, but this—

“Don’t…” Although hoarse, his voice so strained as it cracked while Hop croaked out his words one by one, Hop slowly lifted his head up, finally meeting Raihan’s eyes.
“Please...don’t ever...ever do that again.
Raihan knew, just by that look in his eyes alone, that Hop was terrified as fuck, that Hop knew the lengths Raihan could be brought to if he was angry enough, and that not even Hop was spared from his temper.
He was promised from the beginning that Raihan would never hurt him, he would never lay a hand on him, because he was loved, Raihan loved him so much, that he would never dream of hurting the person he loved—and he had effectively shit all over that ideology.
Everything Raihan had said, or done, or promised—was all a fucking lie.
Knowing he had taken apart Hop’s world so easily, how he had destroyed his life—his family—his happiness—

He had to—there was no other explanation for these insane things that he continued doing, knowing they were wrong, knowing he was a monster, knowing that if he turned Hop loose, it would kill him to do so, and even the mere thought made him sick to his stomach.
Hop wasn’t going anywhere.
Raihan wasn’t ever planning to let him go, not ever.
It didn’t matter what happened, how bad things got, even if Hop managed to escape from him a hundred times, Raihan refused to let go of the only thing that ever gave him happiness.
He refused to give up Hop to anyone.
I-I’ll do whatever you want me to do.
I’ll be good.
Please— p-please , I-I love you.
“I-I promise you, I-I swear to you, baby, I won’t ever— ever —do that to you again.”
The kid leaned into him, kissing him right on the mouth, his bloodshot eyes having fallen lidded where he wouldn’t look at him, but Raihan was stunned at the fact Hop had just kissed him in the first place, as soft as it was, he did so without hesitation, as Raihan’s whole body shut down to the point he wasn’t sure if he was breathing anymore.
These otherwise beautiful, wonderful words, words Raihan would have given anything to hear, but with it said in such a tone, in such exhaustion, out of the need to make Raihan feel better so that he didn't snap again—Raihan deserved this.
He would love Hop no matter what, no matter what happened.
Once his own tears finally dried, Raihan continued clinging to Hop, shushing him quietly, rubbing circles into his back, and never moving from his spot or pushing Hop off his lap until Hop was ready to leave him.
Hop tightened his hold around Raihan, and he heard him whisper once more, “I love you,” as though unsure what else he could possibly say, but it was enough to cause Raihan to cling right back, hold off his tears, and rock Hop close.
“I’ll love you even if you never love me back.
From the looks of it, Hop had cried so hard that he had to take his contacts out (he’d been wearing them more often despite how Raihan told him he was much cuter in glasses), as Raihan could see the case and solution over the bathroom sink, along with Hop’s glasses folded neatly next to the faucet, but when he opened the door, Hop quickly wiped his face before putting his glasses on.
That attitude from before was completely washed away, giving rise to Hop’s true feelings, and before Raihan could stop himself, he reached out, dabbing the pad of his thumb against Hop’s cheeks to smear away the remnants of a tear streak from not long ago.
Hop didn’t even attempt to bat his hand away, but merely turned his eyes south to stare down at the floor.
“There’s nothing to be scared of, baby.”
Trying his best to ease Hop’s fears, Raihan ran his fingers through his hair, only gaining a rather violent flinch from Hop when he did so, but the kid didn’t bother trying to pull away.
“I’m going to take good care of you, I promise.”
It was then that Hop finally reared his head up, eyes bearing right into Raihan’s with a pleading expression, as though begging him with his eyes alone.
But—if the kid left him with no choice, Raihan wasn’t above getting a little rough with him.
No, he’d never hurt the poor kid, but he might give him something to calm him down.
“Kid, there ain’t nothing to be afraid of.
His tone shifted, voice growing low as Raihan turned serious.
“However, we both know fighting is pointless.
Wear yourself out, kid, I don’t care.”
“But I’ve got ways of keeping you still.
I could always tie you up, tape your mouth shut, and kid—” Leaning down, Raihan squatted to the floor until he was face level with him, until Hop had nowhere else to look but Raihan’s eyes.
I could do anything to you and you’d never know it.”
He didn’t dare talk back to Raihan.
If he knew one thing, then it was that Hop was easy to scare and coerce into something.
While it wasn’t his favorite thing in the world to do, it was necessary if he wanted some cooperation from the kid.
Raihan really did want to teach him this wasn’t scary, but sometimes it wasn’t enough to be nice to him.
He’d never act on half the shit he said, but something about the way Hop sucked in shaky breaths, his beautiful eyes wide with fear, the way he looked so small and helpless—
And if it had been any other time, he would have vomited at the thought of saying something like this to Hop, but he was too angry right now, too fed up with his fucking attitude he'd been forced to deal with all week long, too fed up with trying to be patient with him. 
He told me he wanted to fuck you." 
Hop froze, seeming not to have noticed Leon was hurting his arms, but he stared up at him in absolute horror. 
These were horrible things to say, Leon knew that, but he didn't care. 
Let these words hurt Hop as bad as he was hurting him. 
"If you lead him on like that, he might try something with you. 
You'd better be careful about getting friendly with him, Hop. 
If you think-no-if you wanna lie and say that life with me is awful when we both know you love it, imagine if Raihan gets his hands on you." 
He was terrified, and Leon fucking loved that he was. 
"He won't hold back like I do. 
He might tie you up, gag you, drug you. 
But oh, you just keep smiling at him like that, let him think you're into it, and he won't hold back on you. 
He blatantly ignored his request. 
Hop grew strangely lax then, all of his struggles strangely quiet, even his voice, which had been escalating the entire time, grew low, and he lowered his head before speaking to Leon. 
He knew if he did, he wouldn't hesitate to scramble away, yank open that door, and run like hell. 
He could not let that happen. 
He could not let Hop run away from him like this. 
He was tiring himself out like this, but Leon held onto him. 
SOMEONE, HELP!" 
Nobody is coming here, nobody cares what I do in my apartment, nobody is going to give two shits if you scream for help, so all you're doing is wearing yourself out!" 
"Hop, if you don't stop fighting me, I will lock you up in your room! 
Don't think I won't!" 
You aren't leaving, and I'm not lying when I tell you that I will lock you up." 
Fucking let him say horrible things to Leon that broke his heart when he knew the truth, when he knew how Hop really felt. 
Leon didn't give him a chance to even think he was about to let him do that. 
"You wanna fight me, Hop? 
Go ahead and fight until you tire yourself out. 
Go ahead and deny to yourself that you loved every bit of what I did to you. 
"But, don't you fucking dare ever lie to me. 
Hop had the nerve to try and leave him, had the nerve to continue sitting here and lying to him about how much he hated this, when Leon knew damn well he loved it. 
He loved it, he loved this, and if Leon was going to have to prove that to him again and again, then so be it. 
"You keep lying and saying you hate it, but I know the truth, Hop. 
You buried it deep down, deep, deep down where nobody would know how disgusting you really were, that all those times you recorded my matches was so you could imagine all the things you wanted me to do to you." 
"You hid it away from everyone, even convinced yourself that you liked your neighbor, all so you wouldn't have to face the reality that you were in love with me. 
They both knew Leon was stronger, and he was only proving it right now that Hop never had a chance against him from the beginning. 
In too deep, rejected by your girlfriend because even she knew you were fucked up from the beginning, Hop. 
At the mention of his mom, Hop stopped struggling as much, only making uncomfortable whines that bubbled from the back of his throat as Leon could see the tears form in the corners of his eyes, falling just as soon. 
Stop lying to me." 
"Lee..." Leon watched little by little as the life drained from Hop, his tears falling in streams, his gaze never once leaving the wall. 
Finally, Hop turned his gaze from the wall, slow at first, but stared up at Leon through lidded eyes, his expression hollow, his tears still running free, but nothing on his face gave Leon any indication of what he was really thinking. 
It wasn't as gentle as he wanted, but Leon couldn't bring himself to be generous to him right now. 
Slowly, very slowly, Hop shook his head from side to side, the tears spilling, and his lip quivered when he let out a sob. 
His eyes opened, full of tears as they spilled down his face, down his temples and into his hair. 
There were so many tears, it was amazing how his voice was as composed as it was, even as he said these horrible things to him. 
Hop slammed his eyes shut, reaching up with his free arm to cover his eyes. 
It hurt to hear him say words like that to him, and he could feel it in his chest, the feeling like his heart was just broken in two. 
Even if Leon told himself that, that Hop was just in denial, that he really did love him, he could say it all he wanted, he felt the weight of those words, and it dipped down until he felt like someone punched him in the gut. 
It hurt Leon in a way he never thought was possible, and he felt it when tears came to his own eyes, but he blinked them away just as fast. 
He felt so empty right now, he doubted he even had drive to put feeling into this anymore. 
"Hop, look at me." 
Hop only blinked for a moment when more tears fell, as Leon inhaled the scent of him that mixed with the smell of his shampoo and sweat. 
When he leaned up, some of the blood from his lip had traversed to the corner of Hop's mouth, and he would've smiled at it, but he couldn't bring himself to feel anything other than overwhelming emptiness right now. 
"For the last time-" Leon's voice, though empty, lowered into a growl, and he hadn't meant to sound this way, but it came out nonetheless. 
"Look at me, Hop." 
Hop's eyes snapped open then, a stream of tears falling down his cheek when Leon held him up, and he loosened his hold a bit. 
"That's better. 
You're going to look into my eyes when I talk to you. 
You're going to see how much you love this, and you'll see how I never once lied to you, Hop. 
I'll make you see. 
Even if I have to keep you here forever, you'll understand." 
Hop didn't reply, but blinked his tears away as Leon finally released his face, reaching back over, gripping hold of his hand instead of his wrist this time, and intertwining their fingers together. 
"You belong here, Hop. 
You belong with me. 
You and me, we were made for each other, we were meant to be together this whole time. 
We were meant to be with each other like this. 
"You were made to be here with me like this. 
You belong like this, Hop. 
Deny it all you want, but look at you. 
You even stopped fighting me. 
Throughout his entire spill, Hop said nothing, his eyes lidded, no longer looking up at Leon, but he didn't have to. 
The entire time he talked, Hop didn't say a word to him, but even with his head turned to the side, Leon could see the tears streaming down, hear his choked noises as he gasped. 
Deny it all he wanted, even throughout all his fighting, when push came to shove, Hop loved it here. 
Leon wiped across his lip, held his blood-stained hand up for Hop to look at, but received no reaction from him. 
With Hop not looking at him, Leon instead reached forward and dragged his palm against Hop's cheek, smearing his blood against him and causing Hop to grimace, but not react any further. 
That's your mess, Hop. 
Deny it all you want, but this was nobody's fault but yours." 
He never once reached up to so much as wipe away the blood against his cheek, but Leon could still see tears falling down his face, blurring the scarlet. 
"I warned you, Hop. 
I think you need some alone time, what do you think?" 
"You're not leaving the apartment. 
Not unless I say so. 
Cry all you want, scream all you want, nobody is going to question me if I tell them otherwise. 
You may as well get used to it, because this is your home now." 
He gave Hop a final hard pressed stare, wishing he would look up at him, but Hop made no attempts whatsoever to even acknowledge him in that moment. 
"If you make any moves while I'm working on your door, any attempts to run away, I'll do worse than install a bolt on your door next time. 
I'm not lying to you, Hop. 
I never lied before, but you pushed me to do this. 
He was telling her to release him. 
But on the other hand, she loved him. 
"You hesitated," Nate breathed, his voice low and raspy. 
Lately, especially since having Shaun, Nate had become even more demanding of her. 
If Nate didn't tell her what to do, or say, or wear, or eat, or drink, she didn't know what to do with herself. 
He controlled her life, just like she knew he would control Shaun's when their boy was old enough to listen to his commands. 
Maybe some small part of him understood that, having almost completely isolated her from both her friends and family, their Mr Handy was the only other being she had to talk to other than himself. 
He dreamt his uncle visited him in the Infirmary, mopped his brow with a damp cloth to bring down his fever and whispered about him not being allowed to die and waste the fourteen years of hard work that had been put into him. 
He requested longer sleeves to cover the new scars when his uncle wasn't impressed by them. 
He was almost sure Kikimora was responsible – he was too surefooted to have just fallen like everyone said and she had laughed harder than anyone when he limped away to answer his uncle's summons despite the radiating pain across his shoulders. 
Terra Snapdragon had marched up and told him to stop crying like a new-born, he was nearly fifteen, not five. 
She summoned a healer who performed enough triage to save his hands but stopped them before they could completely erase the scars, claiming he needed a permanent reminder not to act like a child while on duty. 
Remembering his uncle's disapproval last time, Hunter started wearing his gloves every moment he was awake, even when he was alone, too ashamed to look at the evidence of his past failure. 
Triage healing got him back to the castle where Darius watched him be carried by on a stretcher and shook his head with one hard raised to conceal his expression – presumably disgust at Hunter's failure. 
His uncle was certainly disgusted at the display of incompetent compassion and promised that even fifteen years of time investment was not worth a thing if Hunter could not prove he was worth the effort. 
As if there was anything to apologise for! 
He had gotten in the way, of course. 
He had failed in his duty of care. 
It was his own stupid fault he had gotten hurt. 
Yet Belos had held Hunter close regardless, an embrace so unprecedented that Hunter was too stunned to question it, and murmured about a promise he had made to never go that route again, especially since Hunter had not betrayed him yet, which confused Hunter but then again confusion was to be expected after so much blood loss. 
He didn't care for himself – his purpose was to serve the Emperor even at the cost of his life, after all – but Flapjack had no such allegiance and did not deserve to suffer for Hunter's incompetence or failures. 
"Hurry up faggot. 
But his eyes were still pleading, still bloodshot from crying, Raihan could see that much even behind the lenses of his glasses.
Raihan knew he’d scared him to death, and he hated it for the kid, he really did, but he let out a long, drawn out sigh.
Hop said nothing, but Raihan could see the start of tears welling in his eyes before he blinked them away, and he gave him another squeeze to his hand.
“It’ll be alright, baby.
I won’t hurt you.
Don’t be scared.
It won’t hurt, I promise.”
