Even still, Hop thrashed back and forth, pushing at him, but to no avail. 
He tightened his arms, just enough that he could hear Hop gasp for breath when he squeezed his chest, but not enough to hurt him. 
Despite that, Hop continued thrashing, kicking, flailing around like a wild animal while Leon fought to keep him steady. 
Without responding, without even acknowledging what he was saying, Leon pulled away from him only long enough to scoop him up in one quick motion, and he tossed Hop over his shoulder like a rag doll. 
"PUT ME DOWN! 
LEE, LET ME GO!" 
He pushed and kicked, reaching around to pull at Leon's hair as he did so, but he never budged. 
He never flinched or made any movements that Hop was hurting him, because he didn't care anymore. 
It was only a moment he got to taste him like that, but the instant he kissed him, Hop opened his mouth. 
Again, Hop reached up, throwing his fist into Leon's face, hitting him across the cheek in the same spot, but Leon didn't budge. 
Hop was still struggling beneath him like he was, still hitting at his face, chest, anywhere he could land his slaps. 
He batted them away, using his other hand to cover the bullet wound in his side. 
But then it all vanished very quickly, as it usually did when Nate had too much other shit on his mind to be angry at her, and he let go of her just as roughly as he'd grabbed her. 
Bruised cheekbone and a slight concussion from a punch he wasn't fast enough to dodge in training. 
Three broken fingers and a shattered tibia when he graduated from hand-to-hand and started training with non-magical wooden bo-staffs. 
Two broken kneecaps and a serious concussion after falling from an artificial magic staff while learning to fly over the castle courtyard. 
Detached thumb and a dislocated elbow when his uncle accidentally threw him into the path of a door that was closing. 
The heavy wood of the door severed his thumb at the joint. 
All things considered, after grabbing and hitting so many tree branches on the way down, he was surprised more hadn't broken. 
He lay on the ground beneath the tree that broke his fall for far too long though. 
Hypothermia and abdominal lacerations from being left on a mountain and told to find his own way down. 
By the time he reached the bottom his own blood had frozen to his front where the thing tried to claw his guts out. 
Skull fractures and a thigh bone snapped in so many places he was laid up for a week even with healing spells. 
He didn't know how long he lay with his leg at an impossible angle, pieces of sharp rock jutting up through the muscle, each surrounded by splintered bone fragments. 
He faded in and out of consciousness from pain and blood loss. 
Deep cuts to both arms and shoulders while tackling a spidren that caught his uncle's caravan unawares during a visit to one of the more far-flung parts of the Isles. 
When he woke up weeks later, he had lost so much weight his clothes didn't fit right and the castle seamstresses had to resize everything. 
A broken clavicle from being tripped down the stairs. 
Third degree burns that covered his hands up to the wrists from a fight with a wild witch who grabbed his arms and plunged them into her cauldron when he tried to apprehend her. 
He had screamed that time, something in the mixture corroding through leather gloves and flesh until bone shone through at his knuckles, white as polished narwhalithan horn. 
His team took her down while he was forced to watch, arms buried deep in a snowdrift, hoping the cold would stop the damage before he lost both hands and everything else he had worked so hard for. 
A chunk of his ear was snipped off by a juvenile karkinos trying to protect its mother from his team when his uncle needed fresh claw meat. 
Perforated gut from being run through by a unicorn his uncle dispatched him to capture so its horn could be harvested. 
Luckily, lugging around a vision-obscuring, struggling body that was stabbing at it with a knife distracted the unicorn long enough for the others to subdue it. 
Hunter never quite forgot the sensation of someone holding his arms back while its horn was dragged backwards through his abdomen, nor of Steve tucking a length of intestine back in like he hoped nobody would notice. 
Deep scores across his spine and back from thowing himself in front of Lillith Clawthorne when she wasn't aware a chamrosh she thought dead was very much still alive. 
A slash to the face and neck when he tried to help his uncle during a particularly bad attack from his affliction. 
Hunter advanced, a palisman at the ready, only to be knocked back so forcefully by Belos's flailing limbs that he skidded across the floor and crashed into a table. 
It took him a moment to realise his throat had been gouged out, flesh ripped vertically from his pectoral up to his cheekbone, exposing all the subcutaneous fat, webwork of veins and trembling muscles beneath. 
Blood surged up between his fingers as he tried to hold the wound closed and failed, vision dimming with each passing second. 
Death was almost a surprise with the swiftness of its arrival. 
Then his uncle was there, pressing a piece of paper with a drawing on it against his skin. 
Yet Darius would not explain and left soon after, saying Hunter wore his new scars well for a kid his age. 
A bruised coccyx when he landed after an airship crash caused by that ridiculous human who thought she could learn magic. 
Kikimora added a later head wound from an uncontrolled magical blast that would have caved in his entire skull if she had been a fraction of an inch to the left. 
He took grim satisfaction in slamming the little red demon's head with his staff while she was too disoriented to know he was there. 
He heard the faint gasps and a soft slap as Amity covered her own mouth at the sight of his chest, lean with muscle but lined with so much scar tissue it was hard to tell where one old injury ended and another began. 
Schlatt took in his scent before punching him against the wall. 
Schlatt smushed himself against his boyfriend before sloppily kissing him. 
He was quicky pulled back to Schlatt as Quackity panted his last breaths out. 
Schlatt slowly fumbled with his clothes before Quackity grimaced. 
He shoved the president away with a final shaking push. 
Quackity smashed the bottle into his face. 
Schlatt plummeted to the floor as Quackity slammed the whole crate into his face. 
Pieces of glass flew everywhere as they landed in his stained and red face. 
Quackity dug large pieces with shivering fingers into his dented skin. 
Curved unique glass into circles and etched flags across his nose. 
Personally carved out each individual strand of his across his claustrophobic beard. 
Schlatt was soon unrecognisable as Quackity continued to torture the president. 
The president flailed his hands around before being hit away. 
The almost sadistic smile carved into his face unnaturally as he tore him apart. 
A larger and recognisable bottle for the heart, a broken one for his already ruined brain and thin ones for his fingers. 
Quackity was giddy at being able to cut up his past co-worker and boyfriend. 
Finally, Quackity shoved the body in the fridge as he disposed of the lying around beer bottles. 
He sucks in a breath as he nurses the split skin on his chin, careful not to press too hard on the Dudley fist sized bruise surrounding it. 
It is, however, quickly slapped away by Vernon's large hand. 
Vernon grabs onto the back of Harry's hair, forcing him to look at him. 
Harry runs back up the stairs as soon as Vernon releases him, laughing to himself at how Vernon's thin hair shook in his rage. 
A heavy thunk clashes against the back of Harry's head, he barks a yelp of surprise and pain as the object collides into him. 
In the shock he accidentally slices his palm open with a shard. 
Harry hisses, gripping his hand tight, dark blood pooling in his palm, staining the colorful glass red. 
The screams of the muggle woman below are enough to fortify his knowing. 
He flinches slightly as the woman sobs for help, only to be interrupted by another set of shrieks. 
He blinks heavily in order to push away the tears pooling in his eyes. 
Her screams echo in his mind, he feels himself go pale. 
She makes eye contact with Draco, confusion obvious as to why someone as young as him is here, his eyes jerk away sharply as tears drip from her own as she mouths a weak ‘help'. 
The hand shifts, tightening around the back of his neck, long sharp nails pinching into his skin. 
The Dark Lord hums happily, lifting his wand to point at the woman, upon seeing it she sobs, hopelessly begging for help. 
Her head tips backwards, a loud painful scream ripping itself from her throat, arms and legs shaking as she writhes in the air. 
She shrieks and shrieks and shrieks, head twisting from side to side as she convulses. 
Spit and blood dribbles off the side of her face, splattering the table below. 
A hand wraps around Draco's wrist, prying it upward. 
The Dark Lord twists Draco's arm to where Draco has to face him completely. 
The fingers around his wrist tighten, hot breath on his ear. 
The Dark Lord yanks Draco's arm into a painful stance, wand pointed sharply at the muggle woman. 
The Dark Lord's nails dig into his arm, blood pooling where they break his skin, he pulls out his own wand, digging it into the skin right above Draco's sternum, cutting off his breathing, turning it shallow. 
