He rolled his eyes, gripping him harder and gaining a small wince from him when he dug his nails into him. 
With his hands wrapped around Hop's arms, him having grown lax, he'd inadvertently let his guard down, but it was all the time Hop needed to rear his leg up before he kicked him square in the crotch. 
In a split second, Hop was at the front door, fumbling with the lock, but despite the pain Leon was in, despite his shaking knees and his hisses of swears through his teeth, he was on him in seconds, not giving him a chance to undo the lock before he wrapped his arms around him from behind, pulling him up off the floor and away from the front door. 
The pain between his legs was dulling, though not fast enough for him to compose himself long enough to shift his grip on Hop and prop him in his arms properly. 
But, that didn't stop Hop from reaching up with his free hands, gripping hold of Leon's wrist, and biting down as hard as he could onto his hand, causing Leon to fumble when he screeched in pain, blood dribbling down, and he dropped him. 
Fresh blood oozed, Hop hadn't held back at all, but the moment he dropped him, Hop tripped, stumbling over his own feet. 
In seconds, he had carried Hop back to his room, and threw him on the mattress 
with more force than intended before he crawled over him, straddling him as Hop attempted to stand and run. 
Hop hit Leon everywhere he could reach, but he had stopped feeling the pain from that long ago. 
Leon was shaking, his hand snapping up to Hop's throat, gaining a gargled choked sound from him when he did so. 
All he did was relax his grip just the slightest bit, not enough to hurt him, but enough he knew it was still uncomfortable for Hop. 
He reached up, releasing his wrist, not waiting for his reply when he gripped hold of Hop's chin to pull him up just enough that he wasn't flattened into the floor. 
With a resounding sigh, Leon pulled his hand away from his neck, his body still shaking as he crawled off him, and Hop soon brought himself up with him, leaning into a half sitting position. 
That would be her stooping to his level because she knew damn well that he'd do the same to her if their roles were reversed. 
"Don't fucking lie to me, Mina," Nate grabbed her upper arm and pulled her in close so they were nose-to-nose. 
Carmina felt his breath on her lips, the bruising grip on her arm, and saw the anger in his eyes. 
