Now it was Leon's turn to lean against the doorframe as he eyed his friend. "So, what'd you need? I'm sure you didn't come by just to say hi?"

Another shrug. "Something like that." Raihan fished around in the front pocket of his hoodie before producing a wad of money. "Uh, I know it's late, but I wanted to pay you back. Literally."

Leon stared at the money in his friend's hands. "Not that I don't appreciate it, but what for?"

Yet another shrug. "Always making you pay for food and stuff. I know we joke around about it, but it's been kinda eating at me too. And also..." He trailed off then, looking away from Leon before biting his lower lip. "Wanted to apologize for last weekend."

Leon's throat tightened, a cold sweat pricking at his back, and he narrowed his mouth before trying his hardest to appear unfazed by that. "Wh-what?" Okay, that wasn't being unfazed at all.

"Look, champ, I know we joke a lot and I know we fool around and stuff, but I don't want you to think I'd try stealing Hop away or anything. Whatever is going on between the two of you, it's none of my business. I know I said some stuff when I was hammered, but you know I get stupid when I've had one too many." Raihan rolled his head back before letting out a loud sigh. "Point being, sorry for saying those things."

"It's..." Fine? That's what Leon was supposed to say, but he was a little surprised to hear his friend unload these apologies onto him like this. "Don't worry about it. Keep your money. I know I give you a hard time, but I don't mind buying you a meal every once in awhile."

Letting out a sigh through his nose, Raihan pocketed the money before leaning back to pop his shoulders and back. "Your loss, champ. Guess I'm obligated to treat you next time."

"I'll hold you to it. And make sure I pick the most expensive meal on the menu."

"You're mean."

Leon couldn't help but burst out a small laugh at that. It was amazing how Raihan had the power to put him in a better mood like this, when usually Hop was the one doing that, but after their fight that morning, he had done nothing but stew in his bad mood all day, avoiding Hop to leave him in peace, and go about his own business.

It weighed on his mind to think how in denial Hop was about all this, but he wasn't going to give up on him. They may have had their spats, and Leon hated getting into arguments with him, but it was inevitable for everything to always be one hundred percent happy and fine all the time. Still, there were times he wished Hop would try, just try a little bit harder. From his end, all he got were sarcastic responses and denial, but Leon knew deep down maybe he was just ashamed of his true feelings. He wanted to think, at least he hoped to think, that Hop was just as in love with him as he was, but he was too embarrassed to admit it.

"Raihan?"

The sound of the small voice from up the hall made Leon start, and he was snapped from his thoughts, both he and Raihan whipping their heads up and around to see Hop standing in the hallway, peeking around the corner at them.

Leon opened his mouth to call to him, but Raihan beat him to it.

"Hop! How ya feeling?"

Hop nodded, and Leon felt his blood boil as he stood there and watched him smile at Raihan. It was one of those small, shy smiles, but it was a fucking smile all the same, and he gritted his teeth. There was no way he hadn't done that on purpose. No way.

"Better."

"That's good! Champ been taking good care of you?"

Hop shrugged, not bothering to even give Leon the decency of looking over at him while they talked about him. "I guess."

"You guess?"

Hop shrugged again, but Raihan turned around then to give Leon a clap on the back, a clap so forceful he didn't expect it and toppled forward over his feet before catching himself to right back up. "Well, I'm sure he's doing his best, right?"

Leon nodded, still in shock over the fact Hop smiled at Raihan like that, and his brain was refusing to function long enough to think of a coherent sentence. "Y-yeah..."

"Alright, I'd better hit the road then. Just wanted to drop by for a second." Again, Raihan gave Leon a clap on the shoulder, a much softer, friendly clap, one that didn't make Leon almost trip, before giving Hop a wave as well. "Talk to you you later, champ."

Leon tried to come back to life enough to converse with him, he really did, but he just couldn't. The image of Hop smiling at him was stuck in his brain on repeat, and he only showed Raihan to the door, giving him a wave goodbye, closing and locking the door behind him before he finally snapped out of it.

Whipping his head around to Hop, he spotted him crossing the kitchen and rummaging around in the sweets cabinet before he was on him, striding across to close the distance between them before he was right behind him, Hop not acknowledging him before he grabbed a bag of cookies out of the pantry.

"Just what the hell was that all about, huh?"

"What, I'm hungry." All Leon was given from Hop was a small, barely even considered a glance before he was digging into the cookies to snack.

"You know damn well what I mean, Hop." And Leon hadn't meant to, but he reached out, snatching the bag away from Hop who let out a ‘hey!' before placing it on the counter next to him, never once breaking his gaze away from him.

"What's your problem?!" Now Hop was glaring up at him, and Leon took only a moment to point a finger right at his face.

"That. Right there. You didn't bother coming out of your room all day until Raihan showed up. So, which is it, Hop? You like him, don't you?"

Heat rushed to Hop's face and Leon watched his cheeks grow red, his eyebrows furrowing as he backed against the pantry door. "No! I already told you, you fucking psycho! He's your friend."

"So why did you smile at him?"

"I didn't smile a-"

"Yes, you did, I stood right over there and watched you!"

At that, Hop pushed past him, huffing as he no doubt planned to head back to his room, but Leon caught his arm, pulling him back.

"I'm not done talking to you, Hop!"

"Let go of me! You're fucking insane and I'm not going to stand here and argue with you over who I'm allowed to smile at!"

When Hop made to pull away from him again, Leon reached back over to grip him by his t-shirt, pulling him back until he had him gripped by both arms this time. Even still, Hop thrashed back and forth, pushing at him, but to no avail. Leon was stronger, and Hop knew that, even throughout his struggles, he knew he didn't have the strength to pull away from Leon, but he was fighting him anyway.

"You know." Leon's grip tightened, and he didn't care if he was digging his nails into Hop's arms, close to scratching his skin. He didn't fucking care right now. And if it had been any other time, he would have vomited at the thought of saying something like this to Hop, but he was too angry right now, too fed up with his fucking attitude he'd been forced to deal with all week long, too fed up with trying to be patient with him. If Hop wanted to fight so bad, then Leon would oblige him all he wanted. "You know he likes you."

Hop froze, Leon feeling it when he seized up in his hold, his eyes widening before he broke his gaze away, cheeks gushing red. "No, he doesn't."

"Yeah, I keep forgetting you know everything, Hop." He rolled his eyes, gripping him harder and gaining a small wince from him when he dug his nails into him. "But, that night he was here drinking, he told me. He told me he wanted to fuck you." It wasn't a lie to leave out the part he also wanted Leon in on the fun, but he didn't feel the need to include that. It sickened him to be saying things like this to Hop, but his rationale was shot, and he knew deep down he was only saying things like this to scare him.

But, he didn't care.

Let Hop be scared. Let him think everything Leon did was horrible and that life was just so bad for him right now. Let him think that all he wanted.

But, the reaction was imitate. Hop froze, seeming not to have noticed Leon was hurting his arms, but he stared up at him in absolute horror. "I-I don't believe you."

"You never do. You didn't believe me about your little girlfriend and you didn't believe me about your Mum either." These were horrible things to say, Leon knew that, but he didn't care. Let these words hurt Hop as bad as he was hurting him. Let him get scared. He deserved it. "And look what happened with them, Hop. Mum kicked you out, your dumb little girlfriend rejected you. Now you won't believe me when I tell you Raihan wants to fuck you? And you still have the nerve to smile at him like you do?" He smirked, enjoying way too much how Hop's expression only continued to fall, until he wasn't moving at all, but frozen in shock. "If you lead him on like that, he might try something with you. You'd better be careful about getting friendly with him, Hop. If you think-no-if you wanna lie and say that life with me is awful when we both know you love it, imagine if Raihan gets his hands on you."

Hop sucked in a breath through his teeth, and Leon could see it on his expression. He was terrified, and Leon fucking loved that he was.

"He won't hold back like I do. He'd keep going until you're bleeding, crying, begging him to leave you alone. He's into way freakier shit than you can imagine. He might tie you up, gag you, drug you. Hell, it's all on the table when it comes to him. But oh, you just keep smiling at him like that, let him think you're into it, and he won't hold back on you. Unless, of course, you really are into all that, and you want him-"

"No!" Hop's voice was riddled with hysteria, and Leon could hear him cracking as he struggled to say what he had to say. "I-I don't want any of that! Dammit, Lee, let go of me!"

He frowned. "Then why are you flirting with him?" He blatantly ignored his request.

"You're insane! What part of smiling at someone has anything to do with flirting with them?!" Hop pulled at him again, but Leon only dug his nails into his arms yet again, causing Hop to yelp when he pressed him too hard.

"Why don't you tell me? I'd love to hear your excuse, or rather, your lies."

"Lee." Hop grew strangely lax then, all of his struggles strangely quiet, even his voice, which had been escalating the entire time, grew low, and he lowered his head before speaking to Leon. "I don't like Raihan like that. I don't even know him! I don't like you like this either! It's fucking creepy that you want to touch me the way you do!"

Creepy? "I'm not getting into this argument with you again, Hop. I've already told you my thoughts on that, and the sooner you realize-"

But, Leon never even got to finish that sentence. With his hands wrapped around Hop's arms, him having grown lax, he'd inadvertently let his guard down, but it was all the time Hop needed to rear his leg up before he kicked him square in the crotch. Leon's knees bucked when the pain made him cry out, and he released Hop as he almost toppled over, who wasted not one second before pushing away from him, turning on his heels, and sprinting across the room.

In a split second, Hop was at the front door, fumbling with the lock, but despite the pain Leon was in, despite his shaking knees and his hisses of swears through his teeth, he was on him in seconds, not giving him a chance to undo the lock before he wrapped his arms around him from behind, pulling him up off the floor and away from the front door.

Hop scrambled in his hold, thrashing, kicking, pushing at him until Leon had to struggle to keep his grip on him so he wouldn't drop him. The pain between his legs was dulling, though not fast enough for him to compose himself long enough to shift his grip on Hop and prop him in his arms properly.

"LET ME GO! LEE, GET OFF ME!" His voice had climbed to a shrill screech, and it sent shivers down Leon's spine to hear him make such a noise of horror, but he didn't dare waver his grip on him, only continuing to hold him the way he was, hoping he would tucker himself out eventually and stop thrashing so much.

"Where the hell do you think you're going?!" He tightened his arms, just enough that he could hear Hop gasp for breath when he squeezed his chest, but not enough to hurt him. Despite that, Hop continued thrashing, kicking, flailing around like a wild animal while Leon fought to keep him steady. It was getting harder and harder though.

"I'M LEAVING! LET GO!"

"LIKE HELL YOU ARE!" Again, the pain in between his legs was aching, but Leon bit the blood from his lip to keep from giving in and dropping Hop. He knew if he did, he wouldn't hesitate to scramble away, yank open that door, and run like hell. He could not let that happen. He could not let Hop run away from him like this.

"LEE!" Hop, in his attempts to get away, Hop was thrashing as though Leon were holding him underwater and he was drowning, but he could hear the way his voice was starting to crack, just the slightest bit of a crack, and the way he was fighting so hard against him, even the tiniest movements, Leon could feel were slacking. He was tiring himself out like this, but Leon held onto him. "HELP! SOMEONE, HELP!"

At that, Leon ignored the pain he was feeling entirely to reach up, one arm still wrapped around Hop, squeezing his chest when he did so, and slapped his palm over his mouth, muffling his words. "Shut up! Hop, nobody cares! Nobody is coming here, nobody cares what I do in my apartment, nobody is going to give two shits if you scream for help, so all you're doing is wearing yourself out!"

But, that didn't stop Hop from reaching up with his free hands, gripping hold of Leon's wrist, and biting down as hard as he could onto his hand, causing Leon to fumble when he screeched in pain, blood dribbling down, and he dropped him.

Fresh blood oozed, Hop hadn't held back at all, but the moment he dropped him, Hop tripped, stumbling over his own feet. He went to reach for the front door again, but Leon grabbed the back of his shirt, yanking him away back to his arms.

"Hop, if you don't stop fighting me, I will lock you up in your room! Don't think I won't!"

"SHUT UP! YOU'RE SICK, A FUCKING PSYCHO!" With his arms wrapped around him, Hop couldn't thrash as much as he wanted, but Leon could feel him trying to kick at him again, using every ounce of his strength to try and break out of his hold, but he wasn't going to let him do that.

The moment he reared back as much as he could, jabbing Leon in the chest with his elbow, he purposefully dropped him. Only this time, before Hop could scramble away from him again, Leon only gripped him by the arm, spinning him around to face him, before he pushed him as hard as he could against the wall. Hop floundered to it, not able to recover before Leon was on him, pressing him against it with his body frame alone.

"Hop, I'm not fucking playing around with you. You aren't leaving, and I'm not lying when I tell you that I will lock you up."

"Then do it!" His voice was shot, Hop not looking up at him as he pushed against his chest, trying to get him off, but Leon didn't budge. Even as Hop screamed at him, his voice breaking and cracking from still not being fully recovered from his sickness, but still, he pushed and thrashed, trying to get Leon off him. "You're a fucking psycho, Lee!"

"Stop calling me that!"

"You're insane! You can't seriously stand there and tell me everything you're doing isn't creepy as fuck! I hate it! I hate it, Lee! Let me go, I wanna go home! I wanna go home and be with Gloria and Mum!" A final push, and Leon never budged as Hop struggled. "I WANT TO GO HOME!"

Without responding, without even acknowledging what he was saying, Leon pulled away from him only long enough to scoop him up in one quick motion, and he tossed Hop over his shoulder like a rag doll.

"PUT ME DOWN! LEE, LET ME GO!"

All he did was shift Hop on top of his shoulder, making sure he wouldn't drop him as he kicked and pulled away, before Leon carried him off down the hallway.

"LEE!" He pushed and kicked, reaching around to pull at Leon's hair as he did so, but he never budged. He never flinched or made any movements that Hop was hurting him, because he didn't care anymore.

Let him fight.

Let Hop deny this all he wanted. Let him sit there and scream and throw a tantrum like this, try to run out on him. Fucking let him say horrible things to Leon that broke his heart when he knew the truth, when he knew how Hop really felt.

But.

In seconds, he had carried Hop back to his room, and threw him on the MATTRESS ??? with more force than intended before he crawled over him, straddling him as Hop attempted to stand and run. Leon didn't give him a chance to even think he was about to let him do that. Reaching over, he nabbed both of his wrists, and slammed them down onto the mattress near his head where Hop couldn't push at him. He pressed down on his legs with his own, knowing he would try to kick him, but he wasted no more time, gave no more patience or sympathy for him when he bent over and kissed him.

It was only a moment he got to taste him like that, but the instant he kissed him, Hop opened his mouth. For a split moment, Leon thought he might actually kiss back, but the splitting pain on his bottom lip when Hop bit him became apparent soon enough. Leon reared back, yelping as blood dribbled down his chin, and he glared down at Hop who continued to struggle under him, though there wasn't much he could do with the way Leon had him held down.

"You wanna fight me, Hop? Go right ahead. Go ahead and fight until you tire yourself out. Go ahead and deny to yourself that you loved every bit of what I did to you. Shout it to the world if you want, I don't care!" He leaned over, glaring down at Hop through lidded eyes, his nose mere inches away. "But, don't you fucking dare ever lie to me. You love this, and you know that you do."

"I don't-"

Without even waiting for him to finish, Leon leaned down and pressed his mouth to his neck, earning a sharp gasp from Hop when he did so, when he could feel him try and pull away again to no avail.

"Stop! Stop it!"

With his free arm, Hop reached up, slapping him straight across the face, but Leon only flinched for a moment, not allowing Hop to move a single inch.

"LEE! GET OFF ME!"

"Shut up." Hop had the nerve to try and leave him, had the nerve to continue sitting here and lying to him about how much he hated this, when Leon knew damn well he loved it. He loved it, he loved this, and if Leon was going to have to prove that to him again and again, then so be it.

"Lee!" Again, Hop reached up, throwing his fist into Leon's face, hitting him across the cheek in the same spot, but Leon didn't budge. He was too focused on holding him down to care about the pain in his body, and it didn't matter how much Hop hit him, kicked him, bit into his flesh, he wasn't going to budge.

"You keep lying and saying you hate it, but I know the truth, Hop. And the truth is, you've always been enamored with me, right?" He laughed, mostly to himself. Hop was still struggling beneath him like he was, still hitting at his face, chest, anywhere he could land his slaps. Hop hit Leon everywhere he could reach, but he had stopped feeling the pain from that long ago. "You probably laid awake dreaming of me, didn't you?"

"No! I never did!"

"Liar. You would always get so excited to see me when I came to town, like you couldn't contain yourself when I came to visit, like it was the happiest time of your life. So, of course, you were ashamed of your crush on me, the champion. You buried it deep down, deep, deep down where nobody would know how disgusting you really were, that all those times you recorded my matches was so you could imagine all the things you wanted me to do to you."

"YOU'RE CRAZY!"

Hop was still struggling to pull his legs out from under him, but having no luck with Leon loving -absolutely loving the uncomfortable grunts that Hop made as he only thrashed back and forth, trying to throw the other man off him.

"You hid it away from everyone, even convinced yourself that you liked your neighbor, all so you wouldn't have to face the reality that you were in love with me. But, I wouldn't have minded, Hop. All you had to do was come to me and ask."

"I never felt that way about you! Lee, you're fucking crazy!"
Leon looked up, smirked at him as he continued holding his arm down to keep him flattened to the bed, even throughout Hop's struggles, he couldn't push him off, and they both knew that. They both knew Leon was stronger, and he was only proving it right now that Hop never had a chance against him from the beginning.

"Now look at you. In too deep, rejected by your girlfriend because even she knew you were fucked up from the beginning, Hop. Even your mother knew."

At the mention of his mom, Hop stopped struggling as much, only making uncomfortable whines that bubbled from the back of his throat as Leon could see the tears form in the corners of his eyes, falling just as soon. Hop cried, lying below him, his one free arm having reached up at some point to grab hold of Leon's shirt and he squeezed, his voice shaking when he finally spoke.

"I never-Lee, I-I never wanted this."

"Of course you did, Hop. You wanted me from the beginning, and you know it. Stop lying to me." Leon could tell he was hurting him, but Hop had hurt him plenty enough.

"I just wanted Gloria." Hop's tears fell, and his gaze shifted from Leon to the corner of the wall behind him, his lip quivering. "L-Lee, I wanted her to like me. I loved being with her."

"She never liked you, Hop. If she did, she wouldn't have rejected you, now would she?" Leon shifted one hand to keep Hop pinned down by his chest, enjoying the way Hop shuddered at the feeling of him, but he didn't fight again like Leon had thought he might.

"Lee..." Leon watched little by little as the life drained from Hop, his tears falling in streams, his gaze never once leaving the wall. "You can't...y-you can't possibly think I wanted this with you. It was Gloria. I liked Gloria, Lee."

"She didn't care enough about you. Remember how upset you were that night in the tent? She did that to you, Hop. She doesn't care about you at all."

"And you do?" Finally, Hop turned his gaze from the wall, slow at first, but stared up at Leon through lidded eyes, his expression hollow, his tears still running free, but nothing on his face gave Leon any indication of what he was really thinking.

So, all he did was give him a smile. It wasn't as gentle as he wanted, but Leon couldn't bring himself to be generous to him right now. "Of course, I care about you, Hop. I love you."

Slowly, very slowly, Hop shook his head from side to side, the tears spilling, and his lip quivered when he let out a sob. Quiet at first, but it began to claw its way out until he was huffing, shifting his body below Leon in an effort he could feel was to remove himself away from Leon's body that he still had pressed against him.

"I hate you. I hate you, Lee." His eyes opened, full of tears as they spilled down his face, down his temples and into his hair. There were so many tears, it was amazing how his voice was as composed as it was, even as he said these horrible things to him. "I-I hate you."

"That's fine." Leon was shaking, his hand snapping up to Hop's throat, gaining a gargled choked sound from him when he did so. Hop slammed his eyes shut, reaching up with his free arm to cover his eyes. "That's fine if you hate me, Hop. It's just another lie, but if you want to tell yourself that to make it all better for you, then go right ahead. I don't care."

He said that, but-

Leon swallowed, slowly tightening his grip around Hop's throat until he yelped down below him, obviously in pain, but Leon didn't care. It hurt. It hurt to hear him say words like that to him, and he could feel it in his chest, the feeling like his heart was just broken in two.

Hop didn't mean it. Even if Leon told himself that, that Hop was just in denial, that he really did love him, he could say it all he wanted, he felt the weight of those words, and it dipped down until he felt like someone punched him in the gut. The slaps, the hair pulling, the biting so hard he drew Hop's blood, all of that was so minuscule to those three words. It hurt Leon in a way he never thought was possible, and he felt it when tears came to his own eyes, but he blinked them away just as fast.

Hop didn't mean it. He didn't mean it.

He didn't mean those things. He was just hysterical-he was just embarrassed to admit that he loved Leon like he did. He was just saying these things to cover up his own shame.

Right.

"Stop covering your face." Leon felt empty, Hop's words made him feel hollow, and he held no remorse when he reached over to pry Hop's arm off his face, revealing his eyes that were still slammed shut. "Hop, look at me."

Leon took his arm, folding it back down onto the bed so that he held onto both of his wrists in one hand, the other still at his neck.

"Hop."

Hop cringed under him, gritting his teeth as Leon held his neck tightly, but Leon didn't care. He felt so empty right now, he doubted he even had drive to put feeling into this anymore. He was just-

Numb.

"Hop, look at me." Bending over, Leon kissed him, gaining another groaned sound from him, and he half-expected him to bite him again, but he didn't. Hop only blinked for a moment when more tears fell, as Leon inhaled the scent of him that mixed with the smell of his shampoo and sweat. When he leaned up, some of the blood from his lip had traversed to the corner of Hop's mouth, and he would've smiled at it, but he couldn't bring himself to feel anything other than overwhelming emptiness right now. All he did was relax his grip just the slightest bit, not enough to hurt him, but enough he knew it was still uncomfortable for Hop.

For Hop to lie here and say things like that to him-- To sit here and say he hated him, that he hated this, and refused to look up at him-- 

It didn't matter anymore.

"For the last time-" Leon's voice, though empty, lowered into a growl, and he hadn't meant to sound this way, but it came out nonetheless. "Look at me, Hop." He reached up, releasing his wrist, not waiting for his reply when he gripped hold of Hop's chin to pull him up just enough that he wasn't flattened into the floor. Hop's eyes snapped open then, a stream of tears falling down his cheek when Leon held him up, and he loosened his hold a bit. "That's better. You're going to look into my eyes when I talk to you. You're going to see how much you love this, and you'll see how I never once lied to you, Hop. Deny it all you want, but-" A particularly hard pull from Leon, one that made Hop grunt below him, but he continued. "You're going to see sooner or later I've been right all along. You'll see. I'll make you see. Even if I have to keep you here forever, you'll understand."

Hop didn't reply, but blinked his tears away as Leon finally released his face, reaching back over, gripping hold of his hand instead of his wrist this time, and intertwining their fingers together.

"You belong here, Hop. You belong with me. You and me, we were made for each other, we were meant to be together this whole time. Your girlfriend knew it, that's why she rejected you. Your mother knew it, that's why she kicked you out. We were meant to be with each other like this. And you..." He leaned down to give him a chaste kiss to the mouth. "You were made to be here with me like this. You belong like this, Hop. Deny it all you want, but look at you. You even stopped fighting me. You hate it? No fucking way you do."

Throughout his entire spill, Hop said nothing, his eyes lidded, no longer looking up at Leon, but he didn't have to. His tears pooled down his cheeks, falling in constant streams and he sniffled. Even in this state, Leon let out a laugh through his nose, though it didn't hold as much joy as he would have liked.

He just couldn't muster any joy to feel.

The entire time he talked, Hop didn't say a word to him, but even with his head turned to the side, Leon could see the tears streaming down, hear his choked noises as he gasped. Deny it all he wanted, even throughout all his fighting, when push came to shove, Hop loved it here.

He was just ashamed.

Just in denial.

He didn't hate Leon, he knew that. It was a spur of the moment thing for him to say, but Hop didn't mean it.

With a resounding sigh, Leon pulled his hand away from his neck, his body still shaking as he crawled off him, and Hop soon brought himself up with him, leaning into a half sitting position. His gaze was cast downward, eyes lidded with fresh tear streaks stained against his cheek.

"See this?" Leon wiped across his lip, held his blood-stained hand up for Hop to look at, but received no reaction from him. With Hop not looking at him, Leon instead reached forward and dragged his palm against Hop's cheek, smearing his blood against him and causing Hop to grimace, but not react any further. "You did this. That's your mess, Hop. Deny it all you want, but this was nobody's fault but yours."

With that, Leon stood off the bed and gave Hop a quick glance. He hadn't moved the entire time, only sat on his bed, breathing heavy, but slow. He never once reached up to so much as wipe away the blood against his cheek, but Leon could still see tears falling down his face, blurring the scarlet. Hop never looked up at him.

"I warned you, Hop. I think you need some alone time, what do you think?"

No response, not that he expected one, but Leon continued.

"You're not leaving the apartment. Not unless I say so. Cry all you want, scream all you want, nobody is going to question me if I tell them otherwise. You may as well get used to it, because this is your home now." He gave Hop a final hard pressed stare, wishing he would look up at him, but Hop made no attempts whatsoever to even acknowledge him in that moment.

All he did was breathe and continue to cry quietly.

"If you make any moves while I'm working on your door, any attempts to run away, I'll do worse than install a bolt on your door next time. I'm not lying to you, Hop. I never lied before, but you pushed me to do this. This is your fault." He had never wanted to do this to him, but Hop just continued to push.

He just couldn't trust him anymore, not after all this. Not after the way he fought him, bit into him, and tried to run like he had. Leon had no choice.

"I'll check on you later." With that, he slammed Hop's door shut, rattling the frame when he did so before going to fetch his tools.